  There are tons of other paintings that I think are better . 
" Yet the dog had grown old and less capableWhen I get into the tube or the train without paying for the ticket . 
" This last may be a source of considerable disquiet and one might not at see how such obviously ` immoral " " content could be defended as part of a system of morality . " 
" She disliked the intimacy he showed towards some of themWhen my family heard that my Mother 's cousin who lives in wrote us to tell that he had cancer of the lymph glands . 
Finding out I am chosen to collect norms for aphasia ( I will contribute to 's catching up with the in neuropsychology ) . 
" A spokesperson said : ` is furious that the new ` Anarchy " " promo features footage of as well as himself . " 
  Yes . 
" When I see people with burns I feel sadI had gone to the hospital for my research and got late in reaching home .   I feared that when I reached home there would be a quarrel because of my being late . 
I heard from a friend that the boy I loved had gone out with her and not with me . 
Connor 's voice was gleeful . 
  Very funny . What 's wrong with you ? You are my secretary and you are not supposed to talk to me in that tone of voice . Do you know that ? 
  Perhaps we need to have more babies ! gave birth to a baby boy . 
  Why ? 
` I am very happy with the way I am playing but I accept that he believes he should be 's fly - half . 
" When I have to leave the baby in the carriage and go shopping" No  Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant . 
    Infiltration in our lives . The illusion of so we accept their political . # Tyranny 
Spontaneous picnic with sister and friend and children - great . 
" Upon moving away from home for the time to a different city  Over there . 
" When I learnt that I had failed an exam" Me" Good" when I was teaching  Why ? 
When my sister lost my favourite jumper at a party and failed to tell me for after it happened . 
" My little cat which I had raised all by myselfStock investors were not miffed by the frantic currency markets . 
" ` After he got back I felt like I was in a black hole  Say hi to your family for me . 
When biking and I felt very bad ( problems with heart and respiration ) . 
" Whenever I am alone in a dark roomWhen lost the and cricket trophy . 
When I got in jungle where there was a great number of snakes . 
" At a partyWhen I failed the M.S.C exams . 
When I saw a person I had not seen for a long time . 
When I look at people around and know that people who are stupid look stupid . 
A case of unrequited love . 
Once in my work it happened a fight between the person in charge and me . I got so angry and spoke out everything I felt at the moment . 
" The death of my fatherWhen I was admitted to the University . 
" I saw him returnWhen I missed the tram after having run for it . 
" As and became a little more cheerful" When I was involved in a car accident  Why ? 
" The more resentful and unforgiving" That may notSaw a classmate knocked down by a motorcycle . 
  Make it 
" If someone mentions things like ration booksThis feeling occurred to me when my colleague entered in ( University ) and I did n't . 
" Achieving my goal at a swim meet . I worked toward the goal for yrs . I was capable of achieving it" If she had been paying more attention to his face she might have believed that his deeply shockedAfter a difficult exam . When I had not hoped to take it and had got a high mark . When you present someone with something and he feels glad . 
  Just look ! In I 've put on of pure muscle . 
Finding out about the university does not have enough foreign currency to buy the yournals in your reference list . 
My sister had a daughter . I saw the baby for the time through a pane of glass and she looked at me . 
  It deserves . That film can give us a lot of inspiration . 
" So my @OfficialPWG pic flood will start in . If you do n't like wrestling or a fan of my photography" I don ’ t understand how you can have any sympathy for show biz stars . They ’ re overpaid  Jim ! 
I was with my girlfriend when some guys that I do n't like made fuss at my girl . 
  So easy . 
" He also said  Exactly . 
  It must be locked . 
" How do you doI was walking along the passage to my room ( very near the anatomy laboratory ) and I heard something and felt that there was some thing behind me .   I looked back and there was no one .   I started imagining that maybe it was a corpse . 
" I faced this feeling when I realized I was n't admitted to the institute in the classifying" Do n't be so irritable . I just do n't understand the programSorry I do n't live in and I do n't need NO MAN as a ( I AM ROYALTY ) ( SELAH ) 
  Of course . 
When I met an elephant in the bush . 
" I can tryI had to unscrew something on my car . I did n't succeed after of trying . A feeling of anger built up itself . 
I was very sad when I was shouted at by and was told that I was not to be given school fees because I did n't go to work in the garden since I had gone to escort my sister to the bus depot . 
  I 'll tell you all about it . 
I was on my way home when suddenly came from the bush and blocked the road . I was in fear and did n't know what to do . 
When of my best friends commited siucide during . 
  . 
" The tall one ? Sure" My partner without discussing with me the situation decided it was time for us to have a break and went ahead and arranged his own life for" DoctorWhen my brother was born . 
  What is it ? 
" The celebration of sexuality found in the works of Sidur  a bit ? I 'm extremely annoyed that he did n't phone me when he promised me that he would ! He 's such a liar . 
  Fantastic ! I did n't want to come back . 
" Inevitably some become despondent" I do n't know . I saw him the time . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking  I want my money back for the delivery . 
" I get angry when someone imputes on me things I never can doI recall thinking that I had to be home soon or Mother would be angry at me for missing supper . 
" When I heard on the radio that the football match in had ended in a catastrophe" Playing NOW on Hardest : # 17 . Tune inWhen my term paper was evaluated . 
When I was told that my friend 's wife had cancer . 
When our dog died . 
" ` It is a long time since anyone cared for you as you cared forA party with friends on . 
  I think I will . Thanks for the info . 
When we got lost in and the coach did not turn up until midnight .   I had no place to go to and there were strange reports at the police station . 
" When a person is privileged in account of situations that are unjustback my daughter had very high fever and I was scared that it might lead to brain damage or convulsions . 
I was selected to do a rest for a foreign ballet but I did not have the money to do it . 
" Then she remembered his horror when he 'd said" What do you expect ? I 've been working for you for  About what ? 
" When my boyfriend was changing his behavior there was something wrongI am fed up with . He is so weak in dealing with other people and always eats dirt . 
  That ’ s a little troublesome . 
" But I do n't want an indignant boyfriend on my doorstep breathing fire . " " " 
  Definitely . 
When I heard that my friend had started drinking beer . 
" My father was away from home and he did not come back when he was expected  How do you know whether you should hit the solid or the striped one ? 
" I wanted to go to a friend of mine who had a party ; at the moment I wanted to leaveStrictly avoid frightening ideas 
" Riding home from school after completing midterms in" ` Because she still sounded mad at me" not afraid ofI felt afraid just before receiving the question paper of the part exam . 
I am happpy when I get good results in the field of academics or athletics .  
I felt sad and depressed when I heard that our cat had died . 
He turned and saw the waiter bearing down on him with an anxious look on his face . 
  That works for me ! 
Finding out that my health condition may be against my attending university lectures . 
My best friend had a relatively severe illness .   I was sad because she was suffering . 
  That ’ s a good way to think about it . 
Found out that someone I knew well has been misunderstanding me for . 
  How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within ? 
" Hi BillHearing about a friend back home that had to have his stomach pumped because he had overdosed on pills . 
LEE SHARPE relived the anguish of discovering he had a disease which he feared could not only end his career -- but kill him . 
" Talking to a pensioned and bitter \street order\ " " policeman . " " " 
  Wow ! 
:) @thomestifanos security is a very juicy business . 
  I see . 
When people would tell me that my ex - girlfriend was playing around on me . 
I was so desolate about Chip . 
" says : ` The were furious that we wanted to show prostitutes in their hotel bar  That ’ s a pity . We can arrange another time hopefully . 
This Duke game is going to give me a panic attack and it has n't even started .. @holldoll2 
" I quarrelled with my brothers ( twins ) at home on .   of them studies in a private school and the other one is repeating his form .   They do not know what they are doing .   They follow every word of their teachers  Yeah . It is incredible ! Is it the work of ? 
" When my grandmother" The landlord had selected a new lodger on her own" Well" After having left the company of someone who gave me a lot of support and made me laugh  Wow . We do n't get to see this in the city ! 
I was angry with a person who behaved terribly at a ball offending her relatives . 
" Modigliani  What about ? 
  How are you feeling ? 
  Is it gon na hurt ? 
  What kind of solution can I have now ? I nearly go crazy now . 
" She started like a frightened catA woman I know is slowly dying from cancer . Observing this process makes me sad . 
I felt very happy when I won the football pools . 
" When my father phoned me to come home from my vacationWhen I drove to for the time and drove off the road at the wrong exit . 
" OhWhen I had achieved a goal indirectly . I work for and our win of the season was very gratifying and brought our joy because of the hard work involved and the fact that no one expected we would win . 
When I received a beautiful birthday gift form my parents . 
hate U 
" After my vacations  Goodbye . 
After I had been away for a long time a friend told me that I had passed all my written examinations . 
" Please excuse meWhen my best friend promised to come at my house and I had to prepare so many expensive things for her but only to learn at last that she would not turn up . 
" When we still attended school  You come dressed in anything from . 
" OhI 've moved . 
" I stayed at home all alone . As we lived on the ground floor" You look so happy  Here is a good place . Let 's get out . 
My sister once stole my mother 's money and made her very angry .   After this my mother would beat her up for unreasonable reasons .   my sister lent her book to a friend without telling my mother about it .   When my mother learnt this she beat her up and even threatened her with a pair of scissors .  
" I am spell - bound by the sound of  I know ! I was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! The handyman definitely has his work cut out for him . 
In a course I thought that I deserved good marks but I only got ordinary marks with no justification as to why I was given these marks . 
  . It 's also called jasmine which is the symbol of the 's arrival . 
" I felt fear once  What ? 
" Unfortunately" No" YesAre you telling us a lie again ? 
When my boyfriend sat up half the night playing computer games with a friend . 
I was very happy when I got the message that I had been accepted as a student in medicine . 
a close relative of mine died .   I had never expected this to happen and was sad for . 
  You can ask me any question at any time . 
" And my nephew . He looks a lot like you  How come ? 
But he 'd become depressed about his exams and could n't concentrate on his work . 
That certainly did n't sound serious enough to account for her great grief . 
Can you study with the radio on ? 
I fell in love for the time . as natural for every school - girl I was day - dreaming . Later ( after ) we left each other . No one was to blame but I felt deep sadness . Even now I remember about it quite often . 
At an office an application that I had made was turned down because of a scrupulous interpretation of the rules . 
  What 's your favorite flower ? 
` I am desperately sad that our scheme did not come to fruition but I am glad that someone will take it over and bring these jobs to the area . 
Before the exam . 
" I tried my level best to care for my clientWhen I was told that my father had passed away . 
" If I were you  And ? 
" Disagreements with mother .   When I moved from@tonyreilly I will not be attending   due to severe shame # hangover . I will send my best wishes though . Love'n'bubbles 
You look so tan and healthy ! 
@nicolescherzy & # xA;&#xA;Add those things up and you have a symptom called # wanna learn [: 
  My dissertation . I put it somewhere and I ca n't find it now . 
" Sitting alone in a quiet room" I went swimming" The door bell does n't workCrossing a street of several ways the cars began to move and I thought that I was going to be trampled . 
" Yeah but" When I was forced to call the telephone company about a bill concerning a disconnected phone belonging to my landlord .   The bill was overdue and in the meanwhile he had been using my phone" Oh" On of my school life I was very sad" When I impregnated a certain girlWatching the Olympic game ( winning ) . 
" John 's father came down from to see her  Hi . 
They promised us a sea view . 
The loss of a very good friend . 
When I came across an old friend whom I had not seen for a very long time . 
" Oh  It 'll begin at sharp . 
Always when I meet the person I love . 
Following this there was considerable despondency amongst the committee as there seemed to be little hope for the future . 
As a child - having a dog - it getting a disease and dying . 
Thank god you showed up when you did ! He ’ s insane ! Do you think we should call the police ? 
After each successfully passed exam I am happy . 
I shot the decisive goal in an ice - hockey match . 
When my grandparents moved to another part of the town . 
" to be honest  No wonder . 
" there was a tension between my parentsWhat do you like to do in your spare time ? 
A friend told me that he had suffered in love and in academics .   I shared his sadness . 
Passing an exam I did not expect to pass . 
In her incensed whisper she called me names I did n't understand . 
Both her mother and had been cross with her ; they both had felt she ought to settle down . 
" The girls exchanged nervous glancesI 'm going crazy . 
" Some says is # Weakness i think its were humans Not GodsTreatment to become pregnant with a negative result . 
" Suddenly  What is it ? 
  Ha ! It 's not like you 've ever been one to beat around the bush . 
  That ’ s it . Thank you . 
I was waiting to receive the participation on the profits and did not receive it . 
" This is ridiculous ! In  Stop picking on me . I am going to be mad . 
I got a present from a great friend ( a dog ) . 
"Walking in the dark and thinking about ghost stories . 
There was a hint of exasperation in his voice . 
" Eleven" They do care about others and are concerned about their country 's future . " " " 
" now that I look back at it" It was the time I went home for my holidays only to find that my sister had passed away .   The news had been hidden from me" He seemed exasperated" ` Now that I ' ve seen the finished copy I ' m delighted that I encouraged to write it    Infiltration in our lives . The illusion of so we accept their political . # Tyranny 
" Great idea ! PeterIn the longer term the offspring of depressed mothers are more likely to suffer from childhood depression . 
  My phone ? 
" A close friend travelled to another country . When I knew that he would only come back after many years" At once regretting that she had let herself become riled" I think so . Yes" Got it . Thank you  Follow me . 
" Vitor went down on his hunkers andI had gone home for a and when I came back I found that my clothes and my bedding had been stolen . 
He was exhilarated when he heard improvising free jazz with his plastic saxophone at a club . 
It was on when I received a message from home telling me that my father passed away on with a history of cancer of the oesophagus . This time I was doing my third year of . 
" A rainy dayWhen I got the feeling that I had to do all the housekeeping while my boyfriend did n't do anything . This happened in a period of exams when I had to study very hard . 
  Parents usually give their children more freedom in my country . Sometimes they give them too much freedom . 
  Amazing . The sun is almost gone and yet there is still color everywhere ! 
  My mistake . 
" It was also due to a barbaric delight in high - sounding verbiageHis grief - stricken widow destroyed all his cricket clothes and equipment . 
  Do you guys do anything special ? 
" are having a great run" No" When I had to give a speech about some historical eventTO TONIGHT 'S @OfficialPWG BUT NO FUCKING RIDE ! ! ! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK 
" If I said I nothing" before I entered to army" not afraid ofWhen I saw my family after a separation of . 
" ` Poor thingsMeeting best friend at the airport ( boyfriend ) who I had missed terribly . 
" On the contrary" go this season   needs youWhat a nice tie you are wearing ! 
I 'm tired of you always wearing my clothing ! 
Winning Queensland Chess Championship . 
Confronted outside a party by some very nasty character - gesturing to a car full of mean - acting friends - felt in danger . 
Question : Do you live in a world of or # 
" I felt very sad when I left home because I could not stand it any longer . I do not regret itWhen my grandmother died ; I had a stronger relation to her than to my mother . 
  How 's your married life ? 
  Thanks . 
has expressed dismay over the current treatment . 
  Terrible . 
A friend of mine is having psychiatric problems because of his mother 's death ages ago . He is really quiet and because it relates back to his childhood I feel sadness for him . He does n't lead a normal life and it just seems unfair . 
" " " she muttered in exasperation . " 
" I was miserable with coldI 'm worrying that she may be lost . 
When I heard that I was not to be provided with another pair of medical uniform . 
As for disgust . 
  oh . 
" When I could not reason my friendWhen I got a message that my child was not feeling well . 
When I came to the campus . 
" I felt joyful when my boyfriend met me at the stationWho is it ? 
  $ . 
" Oh" Merry Christmaswater level rising near my home   # Flooding 
" Since many parents were miserable at being separated from their offspring and it would be a struggle for some to pay money for their misery  What are you talking about ? Let me see that ... What are horoscopes ? 
" Geographical moves have been found to be most important in a list of precipitants concentrated in before the onset of depressive symptomsA party with no worries ( i.e. no tests homework etc . ) many friends were present and good music . 
" you mean you got working experience  No . I couldn ’ t find a policeman . 
  I don ’ t know what happened to me . I just lost it . 
" I was sleeping when I heard the neighbours screamingI did n't like my former fob and felt joy when I received a telegram offering me a new one that I though better and for which I had been waiting . 
I did not quite succeed in breast feeding my baby . 
  Sorry . How far is the museum ? 
My cat died from an illness .   It had been with us for .   It was a lovely cat .   It had been ill for and the veterinary surgeon had told us that it was dying . 
" A very close friend from visited me over . Having enjoyed his company immensely over" When another patron tried to step inI got caught shoplifting a package of gummy bears . 
" ` Do n't be despondent" Walking at throughI received a poor grade on a midterm even though I got all the right answers and knew the material . I went to the TA to try to raise my grade and he would n't do it . 
  Have n't you heard that he is in prison ? 
Pretty ! Say beautiful rather . Can you imagine any thing nearer perfect beauty than she altogether - face and figure ? 
  I had meetings back to back . And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office . 
I had a cousin whom I loved so much . Unfortunately she passed away suddenly and one time I had a dream in which I was talking to her yet she is dead . 
" I have done a lot of reading comprehension exercises" When your back from" Apparently landedAnger with boyfriend 's best friend for alienating me and blaming me for personality changes in my boyfriend and changes in my boyfriend 's attitude to him and his obvious egoistical attitude himself in doing so . I also lost one of my best friends - his girlfriend . 
When I saw a few people beating a man who seemed to be a stranger . 
  I would like to compliment you on your diligence . 
" Mr said : ` I am deeply concerned at what you have told me and I shall ask for immediate steps to be taken for normal decencies to be observed . " " " 
  You can say that again ! It 's much more modern than people imagine . Where are you from ? 
I remember being sad whe my aunt 's child died ( ) . 
  See you . 
  I said it 's a lovely day . Why do n't we go for a walk ? 
I was told that a friend of mine was going to for good . 
I was brave enough ta b born in da world none 
  What is it ? 
My sister lost one of her twin sons ( my nephews ) and then the older one died . 
  When ? 
" YesWhat would you be doing right now if you was n't afraid ... Do n't let stop you ! ! ! ! 
When I learnt that my younger sister had been expelled from secondary school because she was pregnant .   That was the time that this happened in the family - the time it had been my elder sister . 
I ca n't stand being with you any more . I 'm sick of your drinking . 
" When I had gone for a boxing tournament which ended at .   I was alone on my way back  And later ? 
  Hello ? Can you help me ? My computer ! Oh man ... 
" When my friends left without waiting for meWhen I woke up after a nightmare . 
I am afraid of my academic results as I will face several problems .   I am scared of my limitations and the unlimited problems and I do not know how to cope with them . 
" The heating controls do n't work anymore" When I got an unexpected letter from   a guy  I really wish I hadn ’ t done it . 
When I knew about my sister 's in law finacial situation and what she was facing . 
My girlfriend left the house in which we lived together . This made me very sad . 
" OKI once was accused of falling in love with someone 's girlfriend which was not true because the girl was just a friend of mine . 
" Finding out that is poorhe is quite happy travelling by trolley . 
" All right  Of course . 
" Squeezed like despondent sardines" My boyfriend suffered form ill health for" HeyAhhhh ! ! ! I 'm worried about the dentist why did I put it off so long ! ! 
  Nah ! This is boring ! I ’ m gon na go play on my ! 
I felt extreme joy the day I was baptized . I was one with God . 
  I agree . Are there any commercials on the TV ? 
I was happy that I was having my own baby but sometimes I used to cry for nothing and I was easily upset . 
" not afraid of  I wo n't . 
" That ’ s right" His smile was patient" For SwiftWhen of my closest friends died unexpectantly . 
" Uh" The enraged animal charged intoI was afraid to walk through the forest when I dropped off the bus . 
" Oh no  . 
" When I was house - hunting : Another person got a flat that I would have liked  Everyone from school . 
  Ah ... 
" For the owner" leant against the door to the office and found herself experiencing the old" There was one teacher who used to get so mad that she would throw slates aroundI reached the bus stop and realized that I had forgotten my bus pass . 
I felt very sad when a friend of mine failed the final exam and she could not be accepted at the institution of learning . 
" I see . OhWhen you told everyone in the last lecture you will do all lectures again in and everybody can come ( not only classes ) 
  So you are . 
  Let 's hope this stroke of good luck lasts . I hope we are over our financial difficulties for good . 
  Frightened ? You must be joking . 
When we got a young dog . 
" miss geng-2 clanI felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry examination . 
" Sounds good . The food there is fantastic  I 'm very sorry about this . 
" More then 40" Angry with my brother" A stranger to the district" A member of a religious sect tried to convert me" It 's possible to be sad about your babies becoming childrenHow is he ? 
" My sister was impolite to my father when the family was having lunch together at a restaurant .   She thought that our parents had been prejudiced against her  That 's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch . 
" OhA night out watching airplanes ! If only i cud enjoy getting on it as much as i enjoy watching it fly across the sky 
  Make it cups . Here comes . 
" Great  I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ’ t breathe on me ! 
" In of the trailAs a result of breaking the indicator light as mentioned for guilt . 
After a motor accident ( I was the frong - seat - passenger ) I spit blood . 
" When a teacher though pretending to be a highly cultivated teacher and a man  What ? 
When I was admitted to the universiity . 
When I received my accredited as I was totally unexpecting it and I was so happy . 
My father had once again told me that I should be careful and try to seek admission to other places also apart from the faculty of at the university of Helsinki .   I was not at all interested in any other place and had no time to study for other entrance exams . 
" My friend was pregnant  I am sorry . There is a speed limit . 
When I almost ran over a small boy who suddenly was in front of my car . 
When I failed at the entrance exam . 
" OurSomeone told me we are not as good as the All English Class . 
What ! Why do n't we go for an outing ? 
  What ? 
I was very angry when one day I went to see my girlfriend I talked to her and could not answer back . She was depressed for reasons which were not known to me . 
" In a very important basket - ball match where a lot was at stakePower cut made me unable to listen to the songs sung by my favourite pop star . 
Brother continually interupting while I was talking on the telephone . 
@sachaLan Free Expression As Revolution 
Punished by a leader . 
When I received my promotion letter . 
When my grandmother passed away . 
" Once when I crossed the street  I already had that idea . 
" It ’ s fine . I am actually from . I was in on a business trip" I can see that you are tryingWhen I won the prize in a cross country race . 
When I succeded in establishing a contact with a girl ( who is now my girlfriend ) . 
  I don ’ t have one time in particular . I just go to sleep whenever I feel tired . 
Faint annoyance began to show on Major 's face . 
  Fine ! 
" While at school I had to write an essay for doing something wrong that I did n't do . I wrote the essay about how I was mistreated and got detention along with a few other kids  Absolutely not ! I refuse to have people for dinner on ! 
You can imagine my horror ! 
  Rather . I 'm afraid I did n't do very well . 
  Is he in ? 
" I had been having a heated argument with a lover - whose intention was that we should marry in the near future - and was rejected by her when I started to cry . When I stopped crying for a moment she said \There" After my marriage I received the B.Sc results by post  Sounds good . 
" Hello ! I 'm Penny" Ur  Jog ? 
An argument among friends in which my opinions on the way to spend spare time were disapproved . 
" When I learned that my former boyfriend had become engaged - although I was glad that he had found what he wantedAfter my little sister 's Graduation from High School my grandmother became very sick . She passed away . 
" OhNaturally when I got myself discharged this was my birthday . 
When I received a letter from the university telling me that my application had been accepted . 
" Man"  Dream on ! 
" I 'm sorry" Shaw  Autumn is also very nice in . 
  Exactly . 
problems . 
  I do n't find this fair . 
How can I tell her about this ? 
accredited and arriving home from boarding school on accrediting leave . 
  I really like the straight legs . 
" That 's a good idea . Let 's see if we can get more people in this plan . There is n't much business anywayHow 's work ? 
" Oh  I only buy them if they look particularly interesting . I don ’ t buy any regularly . 
  I do like food . Did you see much of ? 
I was alone at home on . 
When my elder sister died . 
  I don ’ t believe that . 
" Well" Delighted about Jim" I dare say a few prize juries might be peeved at having their judgment queriedWhen I discovered that the people I trusted most were talking behind my back . 
" The advertisements appeared in at" I agreed to not go into the mall" During my holiday I met again a friend who had tried to commit suicide . She had just left hospital  absolutely . 
" OhLittle hesitant to apply deodorant ever again 
When I realized that I was far behind the others in the language course and I could no longer catch up with the others . 
When I passed my B.A exams . 
" The simple  It 's a very popular game in . 
  Will you take my materials back from him for me ? Please ! 
" I had an argument with my mother because I criticized the rules she imposes at home  I feel itchy ! I can ’ t stand it anymore ! I think I may be coming down with something . I feel lightheaded and weak . 
" On  I 've been having a hard time sleeping lately . 
  OK . 
  And a storm blew our roof away . 
The loss of a person I loved very much . 
" When I witnessed a bus accident in which a busI had a quarrel with a good friend about the fact that I did n't pay her a visit when she expected me to come . Hereafter I was very sad because it became a real quarrel . 
When the thing that made my friends and relatives sad happened to them . 
" Out of breath  Pardon ? 
  Have a try . 
" OhHe felt both elated and frightened . 
  And that ? 
Many of the youngsters feel resentful that society is kicking them out . 
  How can you live without job in the future ? 
" yes  I missed a few classes ; I need to make sure I come to school on a regular basis . 
  Why ? 
" Definitely" I had a quarrel with my fiancT. When he admitted his faultGetting to know that my uncle in had a brain tumor . 
My old boyfriend - yes the same - asked me out . We had a good time . Then he asked me out . He actually took interest . 
" He even telephoned to tell him about it" When I was curious about it and went to a spiritism session with a friend . I had already been there other times ( many times when I was younger ) but that day" Delighted at having gained his complete attentionWhen my boyfriend and I experience something nice or when we have made a nice walk together . 
In the real sense of the word I experienced fear in in the army . During my first night of duty . The cause for all this was a bear . I became panic sticken ( may be for the time ) and even forgot that I had a gun . 
  Come on . 
  Have you made the decision yet ? 
I made dinner for some friends and they appreciated it very much . 
  Now what ? 
  . 
  
  How come ? 
The young woman just stared back like a frightened rabbit . 
  How much ? 
  Not bad . 
  I 'll try . 
  When ? 
  Fine ! I ’ ll start drinking and having home cooked meals that are low in fat . Are you happy now ? 
A close friend decided to stop with his study and to go back home . 
" She was really pleased when she came back and found him fighting fitI failed a subject despite the fact that I had studied quite a lot for it . 
A certain person whom I respect and esteem a lot pays me no attention .   She keeps up appearances but shows almost no interest in me . 
  They sure did . 
" I 'm sorry  of course . Is the dinner still on ? 
They 're frightened to death . 
The time when my sister had her first baby I was so happy and joyous because she stayed for after marriage before she had a child . 
  I 've had enough . 
" Some individuals become excessively nervous about visiting the vetDo you want black or white coffee ? 
" ` We 're particularly concerned about the increase in incidents involving youngsters of andI felt joy when I was admitted to . 
" 's face lit upI was busy day dreaming along the road and suddenly I heard the sound of jamming car braked behind me . I woke up from my dreams and it was about to crash me . 
" Gazza was blazing mad that his training ground ` discussion " " had been misinterpreted as a bust - up . " 
Have you seen that house ? 
I wish I knew who had moved our flower pots . 
" GloomI was afraid that I would fail an examination . 
  I 'm sorry to hear it . What 's wrong with her ? 
I was thinking about death . 
  how are you feeling ? 
A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on holiday with them in otherwise I could not afford to go on holiday . 
When a close friend failed to live up to the expectations I had of him - thereby causing pain to his spouse . I believe that my anger was probably a reaction of fear that I would n't be able to live up to my own expectations . 
@JillScott12 love it ! the ultimate adult weapon!haha ! 
" I ' ve heard of women so depressed that they spend their birthday incommunicado  I guess . 
" A friend of mine that is abroad undertook recently an axam to enter on University inWhen I went to see the dead body of my uncle .   This was a very dramatic expreience as it was the time that I entered a mortuary . 
She washed the floor thorough and was pleased she had done so . 
" It was hot  Thank you . 
" I think you can find out if there is a possibility of romance within the second of meeting someone" Her elation took her into her clothes  Good . So we do n't have to work . How nice ! 
Someone borrowed my textbook and deliberately did not return it . 
I 'm worried sick that she might leave me . 
" It 's your turnWhen I was confronted by a policeman .   I was afraid when they threatened to take me and my girl to the gallows . 
When I was accepted as a student . 
  Absolutely . 
" During the Summer" A friend told me it would be better for me not to be on familiar terms with another friendI was awakened by a dream in the middle of the night . I dreamt that a stranger was in my house . 
" At of my close friends saying she did n't like the way I am nice to people I do n't know" Noin bed when I realised how bad my relationship with my friend was . 
" Oh  But I get scared the moment I see a needle . How could I stand having needles in my body for on end ? 
" I work at a day care centre" Zina" Feeling thoroughly disquieted" When I was accused by my brother of having stolen a kwatcha note from my mother 's bag .   I was beaten up for this  Thank you . 
  She ca n't answer you . 
  how did your day go ? 
" well  Come in ! Quickly ! 
  How ? 
  You can ’ t just throw me out on the street ! 
" Yeah  But I do n't know what else I can do . I am willing to work hard . Sometimes I make mistakes and the boss is not happy . 
Sumtimes d fear of being jobless after school gives me the creeps !      of an undergraduate 
" When I was on holiday" OK" Yes  . 
There was a nervous laugh at this topical sally provided by the trial . 
Heated discussion with spouse concerning new house . 
" DadThis situation happened when my friend John ate my banana which I kept in the cupboard . 
" In the my boyfriend asked me to forget him" I ’ m sorry  No . . But my passport was in the bag . That ’ what I ’ m really worry about . 
When I received a letter of acceptance to . 
" Only afterwards  crazy ! 
Good dinner on . 
" I am not sure about the name of the film  Get in . 
" I feel excited when I come up with something that I can have to help me with" Being involved in a car accident and having my thumb caught in the glove compartment . My sister and I had a Fear of finally telling my parentsOh my god ...   did an awesome play on .... love that scene . 
" I felt very lonely" When I got a class in the twelveth standard examsI am really sad that nobody wants to do it like I have done it for them . 
After receiving the grade on the paper mentioned in FEAR . 
When I passed the driving test after failures . 
" I ’ m sorry  I 'm sorry . 
" Hitill pizza express pizza is cooked 
I hate to see the abuse of animals . 
" I was angry the other day because the teacher told me to sweep some orange peels . It was my friends who were supposed to sweep  I love stir fry crispy bitesize vegetables covered in a mixture of soy sauce and oyster sauce . Wilted greens and fresh bean sprouts . Throw in some onion and garlic and ginger ! Mmm ! Mmm ! It ’ s almost lunchtime . I would die for a plate of stir fry right now ! 
When my parents and sister went on a trip and I was separated from them for . 
" It was nice to see youOnce while crossing a road I was overcome with fear . 
I felt very sad when I saw the list from the names of the people who entered at the University and my name was n't there . 
" When my nephew was born . The birth was hard  Ok . 
I was driving very fast on a small road and I met an oncoming car in a right handed bend .   The other driver was on his own side of the road and I had to skid out of it to avoid a collision .   It was dark . 
" I was physically assaulted and sexually abused . Just the feeling that I might not get away intact" To the dismay of suppliers"I 'm so nervous about this oral test . 
Good game ? 
` The problems start when he becomes more excited and frisky than usual . 
  is not a strategy   is not a factor is not an option 
My mother 's death . 
We are more despondent and needy than ever ! 
" SorryWhen my favourite football team made a goal and was about to win the Cup of England . 
Continous fear of a nuclear war . 
  Why not ? 
  Stay away from me . 
" My grandmother was about to die  Thank you . 
"  Sure . Which button do I press to shoot ? 
" Eating biscuits and drinking energy drink made with milk and usually drunk warm ) with my friend at College . We get on really wellI was afraid when I met my because this time I was with my boyfriend I thought I was not going to be given pocket money . 
When my grandmother died . 
" During a family discussion on my future and my prospects as a student" Oh  I 'm really sorry I let you down . I 'll make it up to you somehow . 
  I feel the same way . 
  He ’ ll finish writing in . 
You should n't have told her the truth . What can we do now ? 
Contented workers are more likely to be profitable . 
" My sister was in a hospital  I see . 
  I 'm so sorry to disturb you so early . 
" ` In factSomeone drove into my car and then denied that it had happened . 
" At that stageBefore important sports events . 
She began to feel exasperated . 
" YesMy living and working conditions at home were unbearable . We used to live in a room flat together with more families . The discords caused a change - one of the families moved out . The other family stayed with us but I drifted away from my fiancT. In fact we were families in the flat . Then I found myself alone in the struggle for this life because my fiancedid not stay next to me my grief and sorrow took on large proportions . I wanted to commit suicide but instead I threw myself against the cause of the irritation . 
My father gave money to my brother but not to me . 
" A lot . I probably got to moonlight for the rest of my lifeI 'm expecting an extremely important phonecall any minute now terror opportunity 
" I know you do n't hear me right know" I do n't intend to drive in the snowI found a problem in homework which would not get solved although I tried my best . 
They suffered the heartbreak of losing children through premature births . 
" When my sister lost her only son" I wanted to . But he said  I 'm really sorry I let you down . I 'll make it up to you somehow . 
" I was too miserable to giggleWhen I was not selected to go to I felt very sad . 
" Since the war the has been very alarmed at some of the left - wing governments" When I lost a wallet while travellingI felt thrilled to be back in and stared entranced at the arid landscape of the Danakil desert . 
When my friend was involved in a car accident . 
  
My cassmate laughed at me when I was being scolded by the teacher . 
A fear from the loss of a close friend as a result of his behavior . 
When I found out that my father had lung cancer and they did not know how long he would live . 
I learnt from the newspaper that I had been accepted at the university of H.K.   It was .   Later I told my family and relatives about it and had tea with them very joyfully . 
Someone knocked on the door when I was alone at home ( though there was a door bell ) .   I looked through the peep hole but it had been covered .   I called my sister but she could not help me as she was away . 
" \ I have been hearing rumours that you have not been allowing people in your room  Bye . 
Found out that me and my best friend are both chosen for the lectures . 
" ` I do n't seem to be getting anywhere with this damn machine" Oh  It starts at 
" I 'm sorryWhen my girlfriend 's nephew passed away . 
  Oh no . I broke your vase accidentally . 
When I was hitch - hiking and I went with a man who drived like a madman . 
  Why ca n't I call the police now ? He was definitely following me ! 
" They have also aroused anger against Dr Runcie  sounds good ! Let 's go ! 
" Ohguys were fighting murderously and I feared that of them would be killed . 
I feared that my dog 's eye was infected too much . He had played around in the weeds and a foxtail had gotten under his eyelid . I took him to the vet and I feared that he may go blind because of the foxtail . 
Before an important exam . 
  how was your day ? 
" When I finished a relation after" Most were more concerned with the courts being ` too lenient " " . " 
My father began to say incoherant things concerning my brother 's and my own behaviour towards him .   His biased ( authoritarian ) and ridiculous point of view made us angry . 
  Hehe .. sure 
  you bet it ! 
When I heard my sister got in a bad car accident . 
  like what ? 
" I 'm sorry" When my sister had the still born child" A person ignored my advice" BertTug had just glimpse of the girl 's horror as her mouth and her eyes opened wide . 
  Okay . 
" Oh" A friend said : ` is thrilled has found such a nice chap . " " " 
  Yes . t you think he should be pitied rather than accused ? 
  Thank you . 
It smells like an ashtray in here ! 
Awesome time at @teamoneill 's Fighting Fear premiere last night in out the HD trailer on our Facebook page 
" How on earth  What is a sixties party ? 
  I was taking a walk when a young man came at me from nowhere and snatched the bag off my hands and ran away . 
Going to be in work . Also not looking forward to these photos from 
It smells like an ashtray in here ! 
  I don ’ t want to . 
When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked quite a lot .   This made me feel low for a some time . 
" Well  I am still waiting for their call . 
  Sorry . You have to buy your ticket at the next counter . 
ferais bien mon shopping coiffure pour le prochain mais y a rien qui me branche . Surtout pas Sylvie Tellier en tout cas 
  Yup . 
Just walked past a girl and she grabs her BF 's arm . Now I know all races even my own are afraid of me . # boss scandalous 
" I have rights" A close relative was at odds with a very powerful firm .   All his things had been taken" This is interesting  I see . 
was furious when he learned about it . 
He told me he was   with me . told me not to tell him I felt those butterflies too . 
" my mother died . She had been ill for a long time  Certainly . 
  How come ? 
" Phew ! . . . Wait" I am sorry" Yes" 's devastated husband" . The toilet doesn ’ t work properly" An ex - colleague asked me if I was interested in working in their accounts bureau .   They needed \clever people\ " " and he had \""immediately thought of me.\ " " " " " 
  What ’ s up ? 
" Oh  I 'm sorry I 've already gone through my paycheck for . 
" Well  Maybe . I do n't know . I do n't know how to tell her . 
Losing a pet chick . Our family had just put the chick outside before and then it was gone . 
" In time  I 'm afraid I do n't quite understand . 
When I passed the grade exam . 
When I realized that I could not communicate properly with my closest friend . 
  Wow ! 
Every time I went home with my school report . 
I was happy when I understood that the girl I liked was in love with me . 
Death of a relative . 
" The" Oh" OhLooking down at the dead man felt guilty because he was experiencing a sense of mild elation . 
" She is as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She 's as good as goldWithin -- and long before the next election -- they will have to settle these questions or see the spectre of raised to haunt them by gleeful politicians . 
" HeyShe was getting agitated . 
  can you explain me your feelings ? 
I had to call someone and make an appointment for a conversation . I was very afraid to fail . 
The loss of my mother . 
When I gave birth to my son and saw that he was alive and that I had managed it well .   He was born too early with a malfunctioning lung .   This happened . 
This was when my boyfriend told me that I was double - crossing him with a certain boy . 
" I spent in visiting my boyfriend . We were at the airport and my plane was just about so leave . After saying goodbye" The   will be   into    and it will keep on saying  Let 's get a soft drink . 
" A friend was unpunctualI was very happy when I passed the B.A with class marks . 
" Yesduring my sleep I had a feeling that someboby was attacking me .   I started crying in my sleep and then my room - mate woke me up . 
" Use the stairsMy ex a quadruple hoe ! ! Sumbodi need to gne stop playin w/ her Lil scary ... DA LOUDEST DOG N DA POUND KEEP HIS TAIL TUCKED N HIS ASS ! ! 
On a dark night I felt that there were several people near me and I did not know who they were . 
A certain Secretary came home in the morning and said we had to leave our home and build somewhere and the reason being that they wanted to establish a market . The Chairman knew nothing about it and was very angry . 
Being sexually assulted on a bus . 
" At 16 I had gone to see a film in a nearby villageWhen my dog died .   I had reared it for .   It had been ill for and had not eaten anything .   One morning I found it dead . 
" When I was mistakenly accused of being a thief when I accidently gave a fake coin at a counter .   I realized this before I handed over the coinI sensed this feeling when I passed successfully the tour of a competition . 
  I have been looking forward to this performance . 
  Thank you . But I do n't think I 'll bother . 
  Sounds nice . 
" Hi" But Kirkwood" My sister came back home and reproached me for not having tidied up the house" Oh  How much ? 
" Passing ( by car ) over a bridge where car could pass . There was a precipice on both sides  Olympus . 
" He was incensed" Hi" I was a passenger in a jumbo - jet which was accelerating down the runway and almost at the point of take - offHe was miserable at being left out . 
" We were at school" When I missed the chance of becoming a graduate in mining engineeringWhen my grandmother died . 
A break - up with someone I really liked . 
" Yes  How was it ? 
When my son was born . 
" When a relative" A bus drove over my right leg .   The event itself was not very frightening but when I had to wait in the emergency ward for and then my leg began to swell" As he told afterwardsI read in the newspaper that a woman had abused her son and had caused his death .   I was very angry after reading this as this is not a human act and to abuse so fragile a life is not a forgivable sin . 
A neighbour 's girl had disappeared and many people were looking for her .   Someone had gone to notify the police .   Something had certainly happened to her . 
" I ’ m looking at my horoscope for ! My outlook is very positive . It says that I should take a vacation to someplace exotic" When my boyfriend wanted to leave me" Stupid girlMy classmate always borrowed my notes and would not return it to me on time .   When I had a test she was selfish and irresponsible and so delayed my studies . 
" Children at Wanborough primary school near are so worried about the hazards they experience on the way to schoolwas mad at himself for not taking the cutters off the boy . 
  See you on Moday . Have a great weekend . 
  It gives me a lot of pressure and I feel depressed . 
" OhMy good friend misunderstood me . 
" itemised phone bill to 's horrified mother ran to pages of listed calls" Saiu nos cinemas americanos um remake" I had an implicit agreement with my sister about meeting her" When I saw a man hitting a child of without any considerationWhen students in our working group showed no responsibility or interest in our work . 
When I found my baby whipped by my Auntie . I was really sad and up to this moment my sadness is still on . 
At work being shifted to another area . 
" A young" Hi" I 'm pretty sure I 'll be all right . In fact" No" When I was about to write my Junior Certificate ExamsWhen I had my boyfriend . 
  It 's very nice . I have n't heard live music in a while . This is fun . 
" I feel devastated and it is much worse for my poor mother . " " " 
I came across a friend with whom I had lost touch for a long time . 
  He quit 
  She must be deaf . 
I was in my village when a bull jumped over a fence and started chasing my friends and me .   We were very frightened till we climbed up a tree . 
  It 's a brick ! I ca n't believe how stupid I was . Damn it ! 
Your brand new car is so excellent . I like it very much . 
It 's not just health problems they suffer but many people can get really depressed living in houses where they have to keep washing the mould off the walls . 
" ` It is that hard" When I passed the last exam" I saw the film \Psycho\ " " by for the time . When I saw the film I was alone and afterwards I hardly dared to go to bed and hardly was able to sleep . " " " 
  I guess . 
career wife spoke about her exasperation when her husband listened to her with half an ear as he watched television . 
Social situation - at the pub - a close friend of told the group around us of advances I had made . 
  I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until . 
" I broke up with my boyfriend ofWhen I failed a test at my primary school .   I was then in grade and we were about to take the main exam . 
  That 's true . My bad for not calling . 
After my final examination at school I was glad that the examination was over and that I had passed it . 
No really strong such emotion . Just falling off to sleep when I caught sight of a diameter spider crawling onto the pillow beside me . 
When I got to know that my father had passed away . 
Just received news that I 'm taking on the @OutsideTheBoxPT 400 Rep Challenge . Sounds like bedtime for me 
  I 'd like to . But I 'm not myself . 
  Black Rose . 
  in gym at lunch time . 
His poor scrawny hands grip the arms of a wheelchair pushed by his adoring wife with the now familiar expression of a too - bright smile and devastated eyes . 
" I neva was da type to bite ma tongue andexplain maself anybdy  You got it . 
To talk in a meeting - expound my thoughts on a subject . Fear delayed me acting to do this . 
Occured while preparing for a midterm in that I thought was going to be very hard and felt unprepared for . 
When I nearly collided with another car . 
  Thank you . You ' re partial . 
When the man I loved decided to leave me forever . 
" You are so paranoid ! Not everybody is a crookI just had . 
" When I received my report card in   I was afraid of obtaining low marks  Wow ! 
My grandfather 's funeral . 
" is a small" Even my father was n't too pleased about continually having to clean his porch roofhighest grade in the class and the best answer given for question ( the question was graded by the professor and he indicated he liked my answer ) . 
" Bank customers are notoriously slow to shift their businessHow are you ? 
" I am interested in hearing from women about their fascination and horror with cars  I think so . 
When I was locked out of my room by my room - mate 's friend . 
  In what ? 
  That 's horrible . Was that the time you 'd shown up late to work ? 
A man treated his dog very badly - he insulted and beated him until the dog kept lying on the floor with his tail drawn in . 
  How often ? 
is a bad ass ... watch out tweeter world ... has come of age # bringthepain 
of my colleagues accused me of having stolen his iron and I was sure that I had done no such thing . 
" Smiling across the room at 's tallWhen you are unjustly assessed at something you are sure to have been right . 
" That 's okWhen I got lost in city a late friday with a friend of mine . 
Misunderstood deliberately by a close friend . 
When I try to get closer at a person and she misinterpreted me . 
I have always told hubby I could do FACTOR but after watching a few old episodes ...... SMDH ! 
Hello ? 
" Not a problemWhen I see children on from areas devastated by drought and war . 
  Sounds good . What do we need to bring ? 
I was afraid when my mother left me alone to live in our house for . 
" NoThe delight at being finally united with was tempered by a feeling of discomfort about . 
was an AMAZING show . Thnx @JoeyRyanOnline @daveyrichards83 @theChrisHero and everyone else a great show ! 
I was terrified during an axcursion in . I was lost and left alone in this unfamiliar country . 
The headmistress at a secondary school accused me of banging the classroom door when I did n't in front of the whole class . 
I remember when I was a child of a storm that made me terribly afraid . I thought that the house was coming down and that in I would be dead . Everybody was awake and I stayed all night in bed without falling asleep . 
" What a mess" WellBut felt vexed when at the next Pack Meeting lost points for the through being a slowcoach . 
" When I went home alone" ` What did you meanAt the death of my husband 's father 's mother which occurred during university examinations and therefore I was unable to attend her funeral . 
  About what ? 
" I went shopping with my parents - my father payed everything for me" Mr C took my drawing pens  Is that so ? 
" There was n't really anything that I could do . There 's always been a lot of bad blood between my manager and myself . If I had said anything  I 'm sure you 'll have a good time . 
I found a baby opposum on the road and took it home and cared for it for . It had to be force - fed and carried in a fur pouch under my jersey . My father had the vet put it to sleep as he said they carried diseases . 
" t worry about it  really ? It sounds interesting . 
When I get a hug from someone I love . 
  Huh ? 
When a very close friend with whom I have a very intimate and bodily relationship ( he had a girlfriend ) started to avoid me and did n't want to talk to me any more . 
  What ? You 're overcharging me ! 
  Then my son drove into a tree 
As we were going to Area a dog chased me . I was afraid it might bite me . 
  it was . The hijackers did n't have any respect for human life not even their own . 
" We were pleased to see the do so well in after they had beaten us over there " " ! " 
  Great . 
" Getting terrible mealsWhen I heard the news that my grandfather had died . 
  Yes . 
Getting a letter from a friend who did not write for a long time . 
I felt very angry when a mishanga seller robbed me of the transport money I had to go to school . 
Giving this a try .. No owl lamp # sleeptweet 
Labour supporters must be in despair at not being able to race away from the in the run up to the election . 
Do you love me ? 
  At . 
" Through some unexplained process" Yeas" I had a summer job in" I was spending the with some friends .   We were waiting for another friend and we went to the meet him at the bus stopA friend of mine told me that my boyfriend had been with another girl .   We had been going out together for and we had not done so for .   I could not believe it . 
When my girlfriend was afraid and anxious before taking her exam . 
   # - leave it all behind and enjoy life ! 
" He did n't seem offended  If only I could join it ! 
I lost my way on a trip in the mountains . 
  Not funny . 
Being refused to attend the neuropsychology lecture in the medical university . 
" @fmpundit" I was skiing with friends and they wanted to ski - jump . I did not want to be left behindWhat are we going to do ? I ca n't get the car out of this ditch . I 'm stuck ! 
My friend is very beautiful . 
" could see the reasoning behind that" ` The popular story is that he was so heartbroken he ran off to join a religious orderDuring military service a superior reproached me unjustly . This led to friction in a lot of situations . 
My class winning against another class in a football match . 
A friend of mine travelled very far . I miss her but feel joy too because fer life is taking the right direction as she wants . So I feel joy for her mainly . 
  Hi honey ! What ’ s wrong ? Why do you have that look on your face ? 
I 'm afraid of not being able to go to the school I want because of suffering grades . 
" $" I had to terminate a training because I was n't suited for it . I was very sad about this  Yes . 
  Why not ? 
laughed at her dejection . 
's fans are angry at losing the club 's leading scorer . 
The last time I felt it was when I was coming home late at . 
  So ? 
" When abroad  Yeah . 
" This causes considerable annoyance to the! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long to get ready the morning ? 
  Any more ? 
" Perhaps the mural makes it newBehind the front door hovered a small and wiry man who appeared greatly agitated and whose polished bald head was flushed and sweating profusely in spite of the cold . 
  Poor guy . 
When I was selected to a . 
" Oh" When I was accepted as a student at the college" I received a wedding invitation from an ex - flatmateA female classmate was always late for meetings which were for the homework and not social gatherings .   We were very busy and the deadline was close but we had to waste waiting for her as we could do nothing else then . 
" No" No" I was alone at home" not afraid ofare you in love with me ? 
At night when I was coming from I heard a hyena crying in the jungle . I was alone . 
" Well"  I ’ m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time ! 
When I failed two subjects . 
" the pedlar stood in the centre of the drawbridgeMy fianceleft me for my best friend . 
When my brother - in - law 's brother stole my clothes when my brother - in - law and I had gone to cut wood for the fire . 
" If she did n't know him better" On the cliff by the sea  Is it ? 
I had been in love with a certain young man who pretended to love me but one day I found out that he had another girlfriend who was also a friend of mine . 
" When I read the diary of the girl with whom I was livingWhen a friend and me played a joke on our boyfriends .   Her boyfriend came up and accused me of having planned the whole thing and said that I did not deserve my boyfriend .   He embarassed me in front of a crowd . 
  I 'm sorry man . I did n't know . I did n't mean to screw anything up . 
" WhenThey were delighted with the turnout of spectators and the general organisations by local authorities . 
  That wouldn ’ t be a lie ! 
" I want to have a picnic with my friends" I am ecstatic about thisHe looks offended when I tell him he is perceived as a man 's man . 
Did well in an exam just before my father 's birthday : the best present I can give to my father . 
" ` Are you telling me you were concerned for my soul ? " " she mocked . " 
" When I played in a chess championship  Who is he marring ? 
If this happened they would be terror - stricken . 
Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had previously wished to understand better . 
  Is n't there anything that sounds fishy ? 
The day the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final at . 
The breaking up of a long lasting relationship . 
" is an   that one ’s # penis will withdraw into ones abdomen  By plane . 
" She had assumed that because mother had n't wept or shown grief that her father had n't been loved by anyone but herself and her father 's parents  Of course . 
  This one . 
" had been moved to and promoted to Corporal and he wrote toHad a coffee and I 'm coming up like a bastard with the and jitters now ! Need naggins to calm me down ! ! ! 
  It ’ s infuriating . I have to be in by . 
My joy knew no bounds when I was selected for a job even before having finished my studies . 
" Anger at doctors for their treatment of me after giving birth . They left part of placenta behind and I bled heavily for - due to thisFighting with class mates in . 
  Thank you . 
" When I was told that my daughter" It 's interesting  A man robbed me . 
  Can you tell me why you like it ? 
" Of course" ` We feel very strongly about that and that the law should be changed for future children" But" He was angry about class" My grandmother died over . I knew her very well  Let me see . How about at the gate of the club ? 
When I failed my Standard 8 Examination for the time . 
  And . 
` I was so mad when your father tried to twist my arm . 
" I caught a huge eel on a fishing line which I had pulled into the boat . I cut the line and threw the whole lot back into the water . Later that day and about away I went swimming and someone made the comment wondering how far eels could swimWhen a student of mine ( at music ) performed and played remarkably well . 
  I want to take them to court . 
" In the end" LonelinessListening to the opening bars of 's symphony No.2 movement at my sister 's wedding . 
  May I ask you for a dance ? 
When my mother died . 
  I 'm afraid you ca n't . You 'll have to go out there and walk around . 
" I wish he could understand . You know whatWhen my present boyfriend asked me initially to go out with him I had waited a long time for this to occur . 
During a dance someone slashed my tires and dumped paint on my car . I had other friends with me that I drove and furthermore it was raining . 
That a friend had been badly beaten and stabbed many times and the person that did it got away without any punishment from the law . 
" no" That maybe trueDeath of paternal grandmother to whom I was very close - died of cancer . 
" Well" I ’ m so excitedMy old teacher in primary school died . 
How are you feeling 
My parents scolded me a lot for something I had not done .   It was my sister who had done it . 
" At work" That was my lineWhen I quarelled with my parents . 
I was playing with friends then I decided to splash some sand into a car which was moving nearby . The driver got angry and came to report to my parents . 
" Perhaps only she knows the journey he has madeWhen I was called for an Interview at of Nursing . 
When my girlfriend told me that she wanted to leave me . 
I was walking on a street alone in the afternoon when there were not too many people on the street .   A couple of guys were following me and I was ignoring them .   Suddenly one of them came in front of me and started using dirty language and harrassing me .   I got very angry and wanted to strike back at them . 
I was afraid of moving away from home and moving to for my studies . 
I stopped working ( had a boring job ) . 
" I could not meet my loveWhen my tennis match was interrupted because a kid cycled right into the court . 
I was afraid before I went to the doctor 's . 
" To be honest" I was annoyed as it seemad that the odds were not in my favour .   My grandfather added fuel to the fire" A dejected" When I was back home after a long time  I 'll have the use of a locker at the airport    she trailed off with a despondent sigh . 
" No - one could have told from his face that he was absolutely livid withgrew more and more excited as he listened . 
I had failed some subjects in mathematics . 
" I felt happy at the end of a student camp .   We had shared our hopes and aspirations and in the open situation so generated  Medium . 
The new computer software is driving me crazy ! I really need a break ! 
  I understand . 
  I really want to take him over my knee . 
I broke my 's Radio player accidentally and so I feared that he was going to cut me off from going to his house as well as playing it again . 
When I was left by the person I loved without any reason . 
" During my Summer vacations I planned a carnival for the community youth center with a few other volunteers .   I was the head of the organizors and we spent over a month planning it .   During this period we got to know and understood each other .   We discovered each others potential and we planned many interesting things for the carnival .   The day of the carnival everything was bright  ! What ’ s going on ! Who were those guys ? I didn ’ t know you have a gun ! What ’ s going on ! 
When meets new people with whom is forced to collaborate with . 
Some of us contemplate this prospect with horror . 
  Bye ! 
  OK . 
  You are really tough . You got a deal . 
Wheeler 's fine face flushed with annoyance and he laughed . 
" I want to improve my handwritingI felt sad when I was despised by another person . 
She sounded a little low spirited . 
The joy came when I proposed a girl at . 
" During in I met a girl who I had got to know in the train from to . Although I had considered her very sympathetic" Well  Now he 's looking over here ! He 's coming ! 
  I 'm from . 
  go ahead . 
Getting back with my boyfriend after away - apart . 
  So are you . 
" I was elated  I 'll be there on time . 
" Higrammar final in . 
" I experience this emotion quite often but the day I was most angry was the day I got pulled up for something I had not done .   It happened during my school days" OKHi . I just lost my purse when I was shopping on the street . I guess somebody stole it from me . 
  Yeah . 
When my grandmother passed away . 
To only a few had he been the devil who gloated over their private grief . 
  I ’ m awfully sorry to hear that . I ’ ll turn to it right away . 
I had a very good conversation with friends . I then realized how worthy they were for me and how happy I was to have them as friends . 
I imagined I heard footsteps up the hall while sleeping in bed one night by myself in the house . 
When our cat was killed in a car - accident I was very angry at the driver of the car because he did n't take enough care . 
This man introduced me to an agent who did n't look all that excited to see me and was only obliging a friend . 
" Sorry" That was still the kind of work that I wanted to do  Of course not . I 'm afraid of them . 
When I found out that I had failed to pass my exams during the term by point .   The fact that exactly the same thing had happened last term did not help . 
When I got a small present form a person I like very much . 
  Why ? 
  Yes . 
  No problem . 
" Just before I started my study I had to move  i think i 'll be a little afraid . 
" Apparently the was not aware of the details of the accident at that time  What ? 
" A gang of screaming and drunk youths \captured\ " " a tram . " " " 
Now that he was committed to a course of action he felt exhilarated . 
" Whentell me something about you 
And know I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions .. At least I put it all in the open .. 
" Sure . Hey  right now ? 
  I 'm very sorry to have caused you this trouble . 
Being sexually assulted on a bus and noone helped ( people only laughed ) . 
I was at home and we were sleeping when we heard some robbers breaking into our house . 
A friend does n't let me study when I want to . She does n't feel I need to study and does n't understand how important studying is to me . I get very angry with her . 
When I unexpectedly received birthday greetings from a person I like . 
I felt sad when my boyfriend and I were apart for some time . 
" She gave him a quick amused glance  What ? 
" Enrolling at varsityWhen my neighbour 's life was threatened by someone who was trying to break into his house . 
" A person walking his dog allowed it to defecate on the footpath outside my house . Although it had happened beforeI had an appointment with someone at a certain time . The other person did n't appear . 
The sports fishermen who catch gulls instead of fish with their hooks .    It is often a mistake but it makes me angry . 
  I want to file a complaint . 
" I was waiting behind a car which was going to leave the parking place  I hope so . 
I fear before each exam . 
It was when I discovered that my boyfriend had another girl . I discovered it through a letter he wrote to the girl when he was away . When I asked him he accepted it . 
" Seeing for the time pictures about the so called \treatment\ " " of people in during . " " " 
  Take care and give my best to you parents . 
I hate the Dentist ... With a passion ... 
" When I worked as an \au - pair - girl\ " " inMy mother treated me unjustly as if I was a little child . I said mean things . I was unable to defend myself adequately . 
When someone chased me from his house . 
I had worked long and hard on a project when a friend inadvertantly destroyed it . I could not forgive him for a long time . And at times still get angry at him . 
  Like what ? 
" That ’ s great" @rAguC is the greatest threat . if # reduces watr lvl by" His face was livid" I had a good relationship with friends . Once without reasonWhat a contrast with the rattled and untrustworthy gamblers at Number 10 and Number 11 Downing Street . 
  You often like comparing children with their parents . 
  I know . But I just ca n't stand her butting in when I was trying to emphasize a point . 
The death of a close relative . 
When a person whom I had invited did not come on the appointed day and time . 
" When I lost my father on" I 'm sorry  I let you down . I 'll make it up to you somehow . 
" But  I 'm going to graduate . 
My best friend got married and left her home - town to go and live in .   After her wedding I felt sad . 
I had sunned my favourite shirt and was putting it back in the wardrobe when my younger brother snatched it from me and wore it .   He had not had a bath and was very dirty .   I scolded him but he answered back and locked himself up in a room .   I was very angry so I starteed kicking on the door and abusing him loudly and freely . 
Without the employer 's knowledge and even without any communication their bank accounts were changed and their personal accounts closed . 
The fact that I had n't been informed about something and I had the greatest trust in this person . 
Have you got any hobbies ? 
  ? 
In the local authority became concerned about injuries which D had sustained and they obtained a place of safety order . 
I had lost the excitement of the first Ramble to the which had all been new territory . 
” fuck all ya we ignore feelings here ... im never actually m alone I just always feel alone ” 
He looked so crestfallen felt sorry for him . 
When it was found that I had gone out of the school premises without permisssion and at the wrong time . 
Lmao . Cute . RT @ThaMagicTouch : The thingy is kinda cute tho @Thee_Tyson : RT @AliHMirza : Forget Everything and Rap ... 
  I 'm sorry to hear it . What 's wrong with her ? 
" I agree with you in the sense . But we ’ re all more miserable than ever" I was in the living room at home with an ex - boyfriend" What ? A fire ? Oh" Oh" I told you about it ! is playingWhen my kid brother broke my reading spectacles . 
" Is that the largeHe was furious with me for ringing him . 
Tell me something about yourself 
" The elite were offendedwas livid because she won a bag of 's Performance Mix horse feed rather than a T - shirt with a picture of a polo pony on the front . 
A girl I love does not love me . 
" She stoppedWhen I could n't find my dog which was missing . 
" You'v been work here for" If they force me to eat something I do n't like . For example  Alright . 
A friend of mine who was driving a car ahead of me died in a car accident . 
Never before had seen so many faces   and so many happy faces all at one time ! 
" HiI had an accident in which I hurt my eye .   I was afraid of having injured it badly . 
" of my best friends accused me of giving up to early on problems . It was only a casual remark on her side" I entrusted a friend with the delivery of some money to my father" Shut up ! Now you are in my car" When I was at school" it ’ s definitely my mother . AndSomething was stolen . 
" Hi  And ? 
" If you want to cross here" Do n't mention it . The thesis due date is coming" A very good friend of mine had been away for . When we met again" The Lancashire members were furious when they heard that and the other selectors had axed favouriteWhen I learnt that I had been accepted at university . 
  Easy ? Ha ! ! It was easy for them to cheat you ! ! 
I get angry with my brothers and sisters when they do something that I do not like .   They know this and still do it so as to tease me . 
" I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant" Anybody who swears allegiance to must share the same sense of dismay at what has happened  I 'll pick you up around : . 
Finding myself alone in a public toilet block with a man known to have had great psychological disturbances . 
  Why not ? 
  It was ! But the worst thing was I tore my best shirt . 
" For my part" Hey  You got me . 
  Why not ? 
When I deeply felt that I could lose the person I love best because of my foolishness . 
It is high time you have a talk with him . That may help clear the mists . 
" It was about a fortnight ago  Peter ! Pack them . Do n't read them . 
" Ok  unfortunately not . He was charged with a when he was in university . 
" Oh" I have climbed it from all sides  Very well . If I leave I 'll miss you . 
  And then ? 
  I am feeling happy 
  Go ahead . 
Getting lost in a strange place . 
Being hooted at when I was learning to drive . 
  This one ? 
" When I was at home alone" I was quite sad to hear my right hon . Friend the Minister of Agriculture" When my father suffered with dizziness . He had to be hospitalized" WellWhen my boyfriend and I made up . 
won a football match against . 
" You wo n't play online games full of violence  I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . That ’ s a real let - down . 
" My dog of 16 and 1/2 years - \Lord Grey\ " " died in his sleep - His death caused me more and deeper sadness than I thought . " " " 
" After a meeting ended we started talking about when we would have the next discussion ( I had many tests and could not have a meeting in between  I hope so . 
When I realized that the person I was courting had n't been really by my side for a long time already . He had deceived me and I let him deceive me . 
I was alone and someone tried to break in from our back door . 
" HiWhy am I being arrested ? 
  What ? 
  The beauty under the tree ? 
  I am feeling super 
  Thanks for stopping by ! 
  You have a perfect taste ! 
  Nothing smells a rat . I told you that he 's an all - right guy . 
  Sink ? 
" Oh" was horrified  Is it nice ? 
A friend had promised to call me at a certain time . I expected his call impatiently but in vain . 
Walking in the dark I saw something strange . 
" Yes" It seems that I have nothing to doMy girl - friend did not understand me ; I was angry with myself because I had problems when we seperated - I could not resign myself to it . 
At the moment when I heard the result of an examination and it proved that I succeeded of my study . 
" Every time I imagine that someone I love or I could contact a serious illness" he helped me out of trouble" When a girl I wanted very much" on cueWhen I was trying for a girl who I really liked and cared for and thought she felt the same way too . But she did n't like the idea and just wanted to stay friends . 
It was when I stepped on a python ( snake ) unknowingly while it was sleeping near a baobab tree . 
` and have shown they have what it takes to earn professional terms and I ' m delighted they ' ve agreed to join us . 
Before going to the dentist . 
  Yes . And they don ’ t give you very much either . I ’ m still hungry . 
A girlfriend ended our relationship in an abrupt and unexpected manner . 
" It is true that the wonderful advance of our people   has transformed the wilderness into a home where men and women can live comfortablyWhen going out I am threatened regularly by punk - girls . 
" Whenwonders whether likes him or not . 
  Yes . 
" People think I 've changed" In  Thanks for the invitation . I will ! 
Never run away from your problem face them face to face cause so they will catch and never let goo ...When I had been obviously unjustly treated and had no possibility of elucidating this . 
" Maybe notI was so sick that my relatives thought that I was bewitched .   I felt like dying . 
" ` He did n't seem too delighted to see you  Come over and visit when you have time . 
He felt a wave of exasperation rise within him . 
My son has really taken it out of me . He never keeps out of mischief . 
  Thank you . 
  Perfect . It really hits the spot . 
  That is absolutely incorrect ! I was out on the town . 
When I was jumped by men in a deserted area . 
  Terrible . 
" Yeah" The shooting started and we all lay down to protect ourselves from the flying bullets .   This incident occured on our way to FeiraWhen I left my part - time job . 
When I talk to my friends . 
  You should feel shameful for your behavior . 
" When my son was diagnosed as having PALSYI was walking through a thick forest and there was a big snake at a distance of . 
" ` Well" Ohwas trying unsuccessfully to calm an irate customer who was arguing about his bill . 
Surely someone somewhere knows who killed and that person could ease the pain for her heartbroken family . 
When I was selected to start Form I at out of the pupils I was among the 4 who were successful . Family History showed that I had done better than all my brothers who had passed after repeating for several times . 
" He said not to bother coming back . And I said  It 's hot . 
  Can you help me ? You know I do need the scholarship . 
  Okay . 
" When  But Mom ! Today we ’ re playing football ! I love football ! 
  What ’ s wrong with that ? is the thing I go crazy for . 
" Oh  Do n't you dare tell me that ... 
I had a little cat which was very sick . As I liked it very much I went to a veterinary with it . He told me how to tend it and it really recovered its health . Everybody said that I had saved its life . 
" It was a few things . The thing that happened was that we were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for  I 'm afraid I 'm going to the gym for a workout . 
" Yeah  Certainly . 
Because of a conflict with my parents there was a possibility to interrupt my studies . 
" work led to rows" Hi  OK . 
The sudden death of of my parents . 
" The house was on fire  ? 
" After the verdict on" brought the home but it is said that for those who experienced the horrors  Yes ? 
" I do n't need your help  How much ? 
When I got my results - I had passed the form exams .   I had not expected to do so well . 
  definitely . 
" We 've never sold this much before" I was attacked" Oh  You mean the line over there of people ? ! 
I went home and visited with my family and friends . 
" He had understood 's despair at the enormity of the ruin  I know what you mean . I could use a vacation myself . 
  I will be hanged if I lying . 
" Of all the journalists who made the pilgrimage toGoing to a concert . 
for me is when all my family gather around home for special occasions as etc . It really gives me joy to see my family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process which have been going on for . 
  Ok . See you . 
Recent break - up with my girlfriend . We had been together for . I was overseas and discovered over the phone ( while I was at work ) . 
After an operation I had to stay in bed for a long time . 
Both are designed to convince the readership of the horror of the subject - matter . 
If there were no   to hide behind I wonder if the   would cause some people to destroy themselves with 
" When I wasSomeone told a lie that I had stolen his money . 
My class leader told me the university wo n't let all of us go to your lectures because we are not All English Class . 
When in an economic crisis I got an unexpected sum of money . 
" Unfortunately 's health sufferedWhile studying chemistry with a friend we became angry with eachother because we were both fed up . 
When my gradmother died .   I felt very sad then ... The feeling started to be worse after a while . 
  I 'm planning to return to after graduation . 
  But what about settling down to start a family ? Does n't anyone want to get married any more ? 
" @JayOwen8 players like jay over there  Pardon ? 
" A group of forty downcast men stood apart in the canter of thin ringIt happened in a tram : some older people started to grumble about the young people just because I had not immediately left my seat to them . 
When I was sick my husband bought me a piece of cake . 
" OhMeanwhile the flood of letters of a very different sort from anxious citizens to this and every other newspaper office continues . 
" Sorry" Oh  I know . I 've even worked up a sweat . 
" A and I were walking along the new stairway to the college for our lecture and I saw him with her .   He put one arm around her shoulder and laugher brightly and joyfully .   I did not dare and did not want to look" I went to fetch my girl - friend at the station . When the train arrived and I saw her descending and running up to me  . 
  How 's that ? 
  Oh where was that ? 
  Very sorry that I have caused you so much trouble . 
" This happened when I was in the standard .   The paddy crops were in a bad shape as it had not rained and there was no water in the wellEverything 's gone wrong . 
  Wow . 
" I 'm really fed up with ! He 's the biggest airhead I 've ever met . He always makes careless mistakesI went to see the entrance examination results at university .   I rejoyced at my success . 
My examination results were not satisfactory even though I had tried my best .   Then I started wondering about my abilities for the major subject .   However I did not know how to choose my major subject if I were to change it . 
Our amusement at his false assumption seemed to ease the tension between us . 
  . I just go back from the funeral . 
Same situation as before - having my car stolen . 
I was admitted to the and a niece was born to me . 
  why ? 
" Let me go to schoolDeath of a close friend . 
When I slept for the time all alone in the house where I live now . A man phoned me at 2.00 am . He wanted something from me . I was afraid . 
Aticle published . 
The death of my grandmother . 
  Why ? 
  OK . I 'll try a Pinto . I want to rent a car for . 
" Relatives often carry enormous personal burdensI was called and told that the father of a close friend died . When I visited my friend at home and when attending the funeral I felt very sad . 
" exclaimed" I had a date with my girlfriend" When" I just startedWhen my father was ill . 
  I heard through the grapevine that your getting married . 
  The radio has too many comercials . 
  Thank you . I suppose I should go to see a doctor . 
  Yes . 
When I received a letter telling me that my mother was very ill . 
  Thanks ! These are beautiful . You should n't have ! 
@ChinaReport24 has it right regarding   Do n't listen to the    rhetoric and mongering disguising oil and gas motives 
" When I knew that there wereI felt joy when my twin sisters were born . 
  No problem . 
" My uncle is n't even messaging me" Not everybody wants    and trailed into silence" He glanced upWhen my father failed to send me transport money after the closure of the school . 
" I was walking from my friend 's house" Hello  . 
I felt fear when my friend and I broke into an abandoned military base in . I feared because I did n't want to be caught . 
  Here it is . 
  Yeah . 
" Late flight made me miss seeing @theChrisHero in . Thank you" It ’ s getting worse . Now he ’ s eating me out of house and home . I ’ Ve tried talking to him but it all goes in one ear and out the other . He makes himself at homeBefore giving a seminar to a rather large audience . 
When I was at an official meeting I asked a question to a person . His response was not directed at me but at the chairman . 
My father told me in the letter that my mother is ill . 
The day some friends of mine and I decided to go to on holiday . 
  Yes . 
  I 'm sorry . I thought this was our stop . 
" Small children of tend to be alarmed at a banana - skin fall" When my roommate 's boyfriend assaulted me . He was threatening meWhen at last found a crevice secure enough to trust to he looked over to find that he was peering into the little courtyard onto the rain - wet backs of the dejected horses . 
When I felt powerless to help the poor or when I do n't know how to . 
When I heard about the death of somebody I liked very much and I was not present either to see the person or to try to share my emotions with other friends . 
" Sam  No problem . 
" It was" She was single - minded and uncompromising in her work  Well . My watch says past two . But it ’ s no use rely on it because it has been gaining and losing . 
  Why ? 
I was extremely indignant . 
" Isaiah 54:14 I am far from oppression  Yeah . 
" JosephCleo stared at the contents with dismay . 
When a guy chased me when I was out jogging . 
The computer at school had left out my name along with others and I had no rights for .   So I was happy to find my name on the medical schhol list . 
  are you very close to your - cousins ? 
With the girl whom I may be loved truly . When she refused to come with me to an occasion ( she was from another town ) . 
I was so angry with a patient who refused to take drugs . 
  I feel kind of stupid . 
A child beaten up by his mother . 
A look of intense amusement crossed 's face . 
  not yet . 
" Journalists were asked by the manager to attend a conference at in the expectation that would be commenting on his dismay over anonymous" Re was at pleased but soon realised that 's delight in killing might lead to the destruction of all mankind  I felt as if I had been in a different world . 
My apartment has had robberies in . The guy upstairs just got robbed making it the fourth . 
  What 's the route ? 
" When I began to read a thick book" Hello" Many depressed people just withdraw into themselvesMy uncle was taken to the for an operation as he had cancer .   There had been a lot of deaths of late - 3 out of every 4 operated .   I was scared for my uncle 's life . 
" They ’ re fine" There have been some most tempting glimpses of it when you have become excited about a design or angry with yourself for a failure to meet your own high standards . " " " 
The pretty young undergraduate felt elated . 
" ` Yes  I 'm awfully sorry to have kept you waiting for so long . 
My girlfriend wanted to breakup for an indefinite amt . of time . She said that she could n't commit herself fully to the relationship without going out with other people . I was her boyfriend . 
I feel angry at people 's indifference at our ability to be present at an event and to stay partial to what happens . 
  Yes . Would you like to come here later to have a coffee ? Bring all your family . 
" My girlfriend and I slept in a lonely hut ( we had drunk alcool ) . Suddenly some soil fell on us  It 's hard to say . It depends . But I love the waltz . 
" is the best movie of the" He was coming so fast that she knew he had not seen her and she had to brake sharply" No" This ` return to the sources " " discovers either that such primitive celebrations are entirely divorced from modern sexuality" When I got my unknown compound while doing my research" I was responsible for Community Programme for of its life  Sorry . You have to buy your ticket at the next counter . 
" When he saw her horrified expression  We can do that if you like . Maybe . 
  The Rockets . 
I felt sadness when I remembered my former boyfriend with whom I got separated and when comparing him with my present one with whom things are not much of a success . 
" StevenI have n't often felt this feeling . Once someone stole my garment . 
  Sure . You look like you 're all black and blue . 
" Winning a race that I had been training for" Of course I can . It 's a piece of cake ! Believe it or not" I was watching a sunset after my latest boyfriend left me and I realized that we would never watch sunsets again  What happened to you last night ? You didn ’ t show up . 
I have a real problem when I meet people . 
  Yes . 
When I got a letter from home . 
I was alone in my room at the boarding house when at someone knocked violently on the door . 
  Certainly . 
" After I said something that my boyfriend disagreed with" YesA person died ( not really a friend ) . 
  Take good care of yourself . 
wins - 0 over ODU - will face in on - they played a tremendous game - The ! # 
  There 's no secret at all . The only thing for you to do is to practice more . You will succeed . 
My daughter plans to quit her present job and wants to find another . She says she wants to get a better job with higher pay . 
An invitation to spend at the seaside with all expenses paid . 
  All right . Just give me the ticket . 
I got to know about the death of a close friend . 
  Some people are wildly shooting on the next street . We must leave here as soon as possible ! 
When I learned I was admitted to study what I wanted most - floriculture ( this is a narrow specialization from the general one ) . 
  Yes . 
THE glum look on the face of Manager says it all   but he has no intention of quitting . 
I was very happy when I found out that I had passed with flying colours and that I had made it to the university . 
" When I hooked a girl in Kitwe .   She was very beautiful for my standards  At the gate of the park . 
  I 've told you a thousand times . I do n't want to go in . It ' s too scary ! 
Hearing introduce the Bill . 
  It seems quite normal to me . It is pretty much what I want to do . 
When I heard that I had got the best result in school and would be definately selected to the university of Zambia . 
" A drop of scotch during occasional periods of self - criticism helped him to become happy with himself" Well  Leave me ! Go away ! 
My parents did not let me go on holidays with my friends . 
  Yeah . 
  I 'm afraid not . 
" Because I 'm the wrong sex" When my ex boyfriend threw me around the dorms because I was talking on the phone to another guy of whom he was jealous" In my country football is brand newNot being able to do well to be chosen for the lecture . 
" In. 
" Rescued dogs are often somewhat nervous of people  Dad ! I ’ m gon na catch a cold ! 
  I tell you I must go ! 
My sister won a scholarship to and it was particularly as she walked across the tarmac to get on the plane and she looked back at us . 
" The funeral of a friend who was killed in a car accident . She was of my own ageAnd found to his annoyance that he was grinding his teeth . 
But it was the scene of my first heartbreak . 
He sounded quite sad about it . 
When my son is happy and well . 
At night when I was alone at home ( all the family members usually get together at that time ) someone knocked vigorously on the door . 
I wrote an assignment and was given than a friend with whom I had previously discussed the assignment . 
  I see . 
When it appeared that I was not pregnant when I was overtime . 
I felt joy when I came to know Christ .   That is when I became a . 
Watching a football game . This reminds me of the time when my father was still alive and when we watched football games on TV together . 
I suppose I am happy being so ` tiny ' ; it means I am able to surprise people with what is generally seen as my confident and outgoing personality . 
  Sure . 
" I 'm sorry  I lost the table tennis game . 
" I ' m really happy in the group now . " " " 
" HiWhen I was in the sauna bath . 
" Since the war began" I went to the dining hall and found that the cooks were cleaning the plates and there was no food for me  OK . Dad ! I 'm coming . 
" The person whom I liked most left me for a friend of mine  Fine . 
  I ’ m a little nervous . I ’ Ve never flown before . 
You may find out that I am stupid and not to let me do your experiment . 
  Jennifer Davies ? Give me a break ! I ca n't stand her . She 's such a dweeb ! How could she possibly ace it when she keeps cutting class all the time ? 
" YesSucceeding in helping others . 
" was offended" Hey JohnI was riding with a friend in his car . At a speed of km / h on the snow - covered motorway I would have liked to get out . 
When I had not understood anything after a lecture . 
" not afraid of" When I said good - bye to my girlfriend .   I had spent on developing this relationship and it was unsuccessfulMy best friend betrayed me and told other people my secrets . 
  Let 's enter it ! 
My grandmother died . 
" I was travelling in the South of BrasilI had planned to play tennis and had booked a tennis court .    However when I arrived at the university gym the clerk told me that the court was being used for lessons . 
" When my boyfriend was leaving to go home" There was a scene of shooting in front of my house" There is too much busyness in schools  The exam ! The terrible exam ! I 'm not ready yet . Can you tell me how to get good marks ? 
I noticed that and I had similar cheekbones and jaw structure . 
  I 'm sure he 'll love the idea . Just throw yourself into it and you 'll enjoy it ! 
Yeahh you dnt like me but still ill ride around ya side of town wit no in my blood . 
" and our need to always be right ! : To live a creative lifewas pink with gratification . 
I live with my sister now and sometimes she angers me especially when she thinks I do n't keep the apt . clean enough . 
When somebody stole my brother 's disco machine . 
  No idea . 
" Oh" YesI did not do very well in of the subjects .   Before the result was announced I feared that I would fail .   Finally I got a D and as the results of the other subjects were not all       good I felt a little sad . 
When my brothers had passed all of their exams and were able to   graduate from their courses . 
  This is going to be a major production for you ! 
When I was a soldier I quarrelled with my commander and may be in revenge for this he detailed me on duty successive nights . Naturally he checked me up on and found me asleep for which he sent me to the cells . 
" not afraid ofYou look pale recently . 
" You don ’ t love me" Blake looked at the exasperated face of the DoctorGood news about a sick relative . 
I read in the newspaper that was going to build new appartments for refugees ( in my opinion this is the state 's affair ) .   This is when only a fractoin of the students can find an appartment . 
" When I saw parents punishing their little child for something he had not done .   In my opinionMy parents did n't allow me to go to a social function that all my friends were attending . 
  I 'm afraid I can only rent it for . 
I was pursued by gipsies who had no good intentions . 
" NoCongratulations ! Mr . Stuart ! You won the city marathon . 
" I had an appointment downtown" I heard that a former superior of mine had diedI needed a recommendation for something . I decided that the best person to get one from was a professor who I had never talked to before . I felt a lot of fear going up after class to ask him to recommend me considering he had never heard my name before . But I did . 
When a friend who comes visiting me unexpectedly asks for coffee and I refuse to give him this . 
" A sad old woman rose from her chair  I will . 
" I do n't know what I 'm going to do . I need to find a job . If I do n'tOuch ! I 'm hurt . 
" SorryMy friend and I planned to search for old documents and utensils in the cellar . It was very late at night when we arrived in the cellar . He indicated the place where the police ( ) found dead bodies . I got very scared when he told me this story . 
I came home and discovered that someone had broken in . Then I realized that they probably were still there . 
" Discovering that Lillehammer provided no musical environment that suits my tasteThe stories about the way my grandmother treated my mother . 
When is alone and knows that all the others are celebrating . 
Practicing wind - surf my body was caught under the sail . On trying to get out my leg was caught in the lashing . I was afraid of dying by asphixia . 
I was very hungry and just wanted to start eating when a friend called me who usually talks for a long time . I was angry because I was prevented from eating . 
  And thank you very much for letting me keep it so long . 
" Went to a movie with a date  Goodbye ! 
I experienced tears of real grief for the time when my granny died . 
The members of the branch were indignant that the government should have planted spies among them . 
My son 's mother told me that she wanted to move to and take the child with her . This means a rather long distance for me . My whole family was sad and dumbfounded so that my own feelings were intensified . 
I was called and invited to have a talk about a job I wanted to have . 
" GreatWhat a terrible house ! 
When I was told a friend 's baby had been born with only partial sight . This was her child and she was not young ( the mother that is ) . 
" YesSomeone must have buried them when they were too frightened to hand them in to the police station . 
" When my son fell off the cot atThere was an anguished cry from the tub . 
  What is it ? 
She was also worried about having to manage the farm by herself again . 
" I have told him how to do it several times" If there is continuing disquiet about the way an industry is being run" Protagonists of unity may have been despondent about the loss of the EDC and" I was hunting" Go on your vacation with and when you come back" I was very glad when I learned I was a student already . I heard about it over the phoneWhen my grandmother died - at her funeral . 
When I passed a very important exam . 
  Perhaps . I 'm dead tired . 
  The post office . Sorry . I ’ m not sure . 
  has gone out with again . 
  There are several possible sources you might use for that topic . I suggest you use the computer and the computer will give you a list of every scientific journal that talks about children and television . 
  that ’ s true . I ’ m wondering did you learn anything from the job ? 
" And the of the LORD fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around # Judah  Which link ? 
  I ca n't agree more . 
Wait for me 。 
  I 'm afraid I ca n't . Parking is not allowed here . 
" Noand terror only brings more violence and war . war only dehumanizes EVERYONE . times like these * need * dissent . # ows # occupy 
  Just get out of my face ! 
" was mad and even madder with the scandal magazine" ` HarryHeavy night with . Now drive back home and work tomorrow 
" When I was a childWhen my grandmother died after a long illness . 
  Didn ’ t you tell him you have an appointment ? 
  . This sounds serious . 
" There 's no hot water  Wait a minute . I am really sorry but I ca n't find it now . 
" The truth was that was sad with himself" Maybe it 's a good things . If you do n't have to go to  What do you think I should do about it ? 
When I was informed that a short story I had written had been accepted for publication . 
I unexpectedly got a present from my father . 
When drug addicts tried to take away my money . 
  It must be old . 
When I forgot the lines of the play during an orientation camp . 
He was inconsolable when he found what she 'd done . 
  Are these seats okay ? 
He seemed happy with this . 
  Any time . I 'm just glad I could help . 
  What ? 
There was real anguish in his eyes . 
I remember being highly amused at his rendering of a young rook 's cry whilst gobbling a worm : it was perfectly true to nature   . 
" We basically sat her down and told her how we felt about her constant criticizingGeneral died . 
  Then does it go well with my sweater ? 
Police became increasingly concerned for their prisoner 's health over . 
" Sorry  Sure . 
I and my friends went to the cemetery . We stopped the car in front of the wall and suddenly the grave digger appeared over the wall looking like a ghost . I was already afraid and almost died . 
  I believe industry is making us wealthier . 
  Maybe . But it still gets on my nerves . 
" I 'm sorry" On the other hand" I was on vacation  Dance class ! I do n't know how . 
" We had n't gone very far when we met up with another returning from a 's Tour" When I got home from my jobWhen my son returned from mountaineering - healthy in body and soul . 
" When I was on a cave excursion with friends  Yeah . 
  You often like comparing children with their parents . 
Someone attacked me with a knife . 
  How come ? 
" Yes  Alright . We are out of everything . 
A friend breaking up with her boyfriend . 
  It is stupid to say so . 
  OK . 
  Yes . 
" When my mother told things to my sisterA relative died . 
  Yes . 
" I felt so afraid when dad fell illThe Lord is my light and salvation - Whom shall I fear ? fear is Not an option ! I am finally delighted and happy 
  You 'd like it . 
  I think that might work for me as well . 
" When my grandfather died . When I heard about his deathI feel sadness from the fact that I was not born with a better appearance . 
" I was at the corner shop" And suddenly they found themselves talking the sort of language that all of us can understand" I 'm not sure" It ’ s so wet and dark" I could tell she was angry and I was ready to cry  Yes . 
I was angry when someone stole a magazine which I had borrowed from another friend and locked it in a drawer . 
When I thought that it was going to be impossible for me to start studying ( due to wrong information from the student advisor ) . 
  Mom ? 
" Temperamental differences operate once more with this new trio of junior heroesMy roommate being unconsiderate . 
  Okay . 
" A friend of mine had promised to arrange me some tickets for a concert which I considered important .   He could not get them the way he thought he would  It 's okay . 
" ICC chairman Sir ( left ) is clearly furious that every time he has been ready to make a statement about the events ofBut now she looked excited . 
A murder . 
" ` I ' m delighted you 're so pleased to see me . " " " 
" Applause rang out" A close friend said he accepted an agreement" When she was ecstatic" Pleasure can be no more than a gourmet 's appreciation for delicacies" I had been living in an overseas city and made the decision to leave the city and come home before I met a whole new set of friendsAfter an exam which I failed . 
  I ’ m sorry . We do n't haven any . 
When I was nearly beaten up by the brother of my girlfriend . 
Celebrations on with the orchestra playing in the garden ( I am a part of this orchestra ) . 
A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close to me . my regret was great . I was beside myself . Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly solved . I was glad at the possibility to be with him . 
After much trouble getting together in the place my boyfriend and I celebrated our anniversary . 
" Blake says how pleased he is with the firm 's improved performance" Well  is my favorite . Anything but hip - hop or the foxtrot . ( the music has stopped ) 
" ` When a police sergeant revisited Mr Thompson he was still clearly the worse for drink and was in an agitated state . " " " 
" In icy tonesThen in his foolish exhilaration he had leaped into a tree and spotted them with his binoculars . 
The glum look on his face was probably normal . 
" When the others did not do their bit of work on a group assignment task" I was driving my car and it was very misty . It was in the night and I was alone in my car . I felt totally insecureA car came very close to hitting me whilst I was crossing the street . 
" 's normally full" Worse still" Recently when my sister  It 's exactly twelve minutes past seven . 
What is up ? 
When boyfriend lied to me . 
  Good luck ! 
Why did n't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? 
When I read a lot and did not remember anything . 
" He laughedWhen I found out that I can travel with my best friend . 
" ` We are delighted to help the museum extend its collection" Meanwhile Crowe  I think lifelong learning is the concept that it 's never too soon or too late for learning 
It was the time when I was in no position to secure a Ist class in the M.Sc exam and this was likely to affect my career . 
" After blowing up and saying all the wrong things  I had . 
" In the event  . 
  You are bragging again . 
You 're frightened to go to sleep . 
  It 's OK . 
When I went out with my dog in a forest late at night when we were on a camping . 
When I was at Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another college and this was not easy and I felt angry . 
" Once sitting in the cinema  I really have no idea . All I know is that the thought of him really curls my hair ! 
When my cat ran under a car and came home wounded . He could hardly walk . I did n't dare to go to a veterinarian because I was afraid he would kill him . 
" OhOn the TV news I heard that had complained about the increasing threat of war with the . 
When a friend died . 
In order to   your desire for   has to be greater than your of failure . ~Bill Cosby 
" I believe that was a wedding present to both of us" Emmeline grew pale  Not yet . 
I ' m particularly sad my mother has n't had the opportunity to buy even his MC . 
I was driving on to a busy freeway during rush hour and it was slightly raining . A diesel truck was coming very close behind me and I was close behind a pick - up . I changed lanes and barely hit the truck and ran a of the road . I was scared to death to go back and see if I caused him to crash . 
" Not unexpectedly  She what ? 
I once felt that my had come when I was unexpectedly found in the hands of . 
" Yes  I am 24 . 
  I promise . 
" What does that have to do with those men shooting at us ? Most importantly" Let me see ... I 'm sorry  Of course not . I knew she had fallen in love with another guy . It is difficult to see her move on so quickly . 
" A small sad smile pulling at her mouth" I can ’ t go through with this ! I just can ’ t ! I ’ m not ready for marriage ! What was I thinking ? I ’ m ! I ’ Ve got my entire life ahead of me  Okay . Thanks for your help . 
" said in an indignant voice" Bye  Step into my office for a moment . What is your concern ? 
" No" has written to the chairmanFalling in love although she is my friend ( angry with myself ) . 
" I heard that the government might need to increase the retirement age  I 'm very busy . It seems I can never finish my work . 
" And when I got an inkling the little was far worse than noneThe RUC men who had conducted the police investigations were fiercely indignant and a senior officer threatened to resign . 
  Good boy ! 
I simply couldn ’ t help giving him the fish - eye when I knew all that . 
  No.thanks . I 'm full . 
" It 's been our experience that familiesMy intimate girlfriend told me that her father was opposed to our relationship   and had insulted my integrity . 
" From somewhere in the gloomWhen I was nearly attacked by a man who had been chasing me . 
I watched a football match with my old friend .   The performance of the team was very good and the team members were full of spirit .   The match was excellent and every time a goal was scored I felt excited . 
" He ’ s my grandfather" Yeah" bride . How nice ! By the wayI 'm not actually writing a physics exam 
When I was insulted by a man . 
" I turned on my laptop and it broke ! I mean  I still like the olive one best . There 's a tailor here who can take up the sleeves for you . 
The lover was looking increasingly disconsolate . 
When I was not chosen to go to your lectures . 
  See you . 
I am afraid before an exam or colloquium . 
" The grief - stricken widow refused to leave her dead husband 's sidea friend of mine called on me and said I was moody and difficult to persuade . With this I got angry with her . 
I went to the apartment of my boyfriend and saw some people before his door . I thought that something had happened . 
When my brother was very late in arriving home from work . 
The editor changed the heading of an article that I had written .   He considered the heading to be derogatory towards the person I had written about . 
" I 've been joined in the Soudain gamble by the man the bookies call bespectacled deathA friend of mine suggested that I become a film extra .   The idea seemed very funny to me and my reaction seemed rather outlandish to the others . 
  My car won ’ t start ! old car ! 
" ` He deserves a proper thrashingBut the behaviour of Reverend has only added to his anguish . 
I was angry at the when the cook scolded and said many bad things about me without reason . He thought I was among the girls who did him wrong . 
  I ca n't stand riding the bus . 
  I just broke up with a girl . Why did n't she understand that I loved her ? 
how do you let go of the fear when it is time to step up to the plate ? 
" My father called me ( behind my mother 's back ) and told me that my mother disapproved my behavior in . However" Oh" And then of courseThe newcomers feel cold shouldered by the local population on occasions and become resentful of their almost tribal clannishness . 
" Occurs frequently . A recent experience : when going out with many friends" He stood there stoically" For I felt very miserable" A friend of mine played a joke on another friend over the telephone .   This friend" OhRecords must not be based on the measurement of subjective impressions such as the number of times parents felt depressed about their child 's behaviour . 
" WellI 've been chosen to plan the next family reunion . 
A friend and I were going to have a study session together in which we quiz ourselves in biology material . Because I believed I did n't study enough . I feared I would fail . 
" Audiences were thrilledBut was terribly sad about . 
" ohMy father had been drinking and I feared him when we went to bed at night . 
" EhAfter having considered it for hours I was able to overcome my scruples and to call a friend with whom I had fallen in love . I realized that my decision was right - and was very glad . 
" This happened when I went to check my year resultshow do you usually get to school ? 
  Look after yourself . Bye . 
When I won my car . 
" Yesis devastated to discover she is adopted and she sets out to find her natural parents . 
  That 's too bad . They ' re such good company . 
My best friend had failed Exams . She had to leave and so we got separated . 
minister was miffed when he found his seat occupied by a journalist talking to a fellow cabinet member before the meeting began . 
  . 
When my flute - teacher was replaced by a new one . 
" Sounds goodI was admited to the university of .   The day the results were announced I looked in the newspaper and saw my candidature number . 
" Good" Sure  I liked it . 
When my brother ( in the family ) passed away . 
He broke off as let go a whoop of relief and delighted grins spread across the faces of everyone in the group . 
My girlfriend let me down badly times in . These instances summed up all the negative aspects of our relationship which at the time seemed doomed to fail . 
  OK ! I 'll call security . 
  I ’ m sorry . I didn ’ t know that . 
" When I was a child  That ’ s exactly what they did . 
" Do n't mixing cosmetic brands . If it works for you" Yes  Mom ! I 'll wear a helmet and I 'll drive sane . I promise . 
" When an uncle of mine" Oh" Les mecs à la sortie du metro 4 à gdn" He treats everyone pretty poorlyGoing to a friend 's wedding and seeing many of my old friends whom I had known before I moved to a new district previously . 
The men got resentful of the women working in the co - op . 
What 's wrong with him ? 
  I can ’ t believe it ! I guess I ’ ll be here until ten again ! 
  Forgive me darling . I 'm very tired . 
" Welcome to my birthday party" Only sometimes when I think about it" To tell you the truthI started a new branch of studies after having failed a former one .   When I got back my exam papers I was very happy to know that I almost had full marks . 
  I 'm afraid there is n't . 
It soon developed into disillusion as the town 's death toll grew and ended in jubilant relief not unmixed with sorrow at the memory of towns - folk who would not return . 
" At the hairdresser 's" I liked physics . It ’ s all math" I 'm serious  I wo n't be paying you for this . 
A ) A documentary in which baby fur seals were being clubbed / spiked to death by sealhunters . Brutally graphic . B ) Description of a disfigured orphaned child in calling for her mother . 
  A stop ! Wait for the lights to turn green . 
  what a bummer ! You set me up ? 
  But you agreed to go out with me at last . 
  No . 
  The black ball has to be the final ball in the pockets . 
  I never know when to shake hands and when not to . Can you tell me something about it ? 
The of your toes about to get chopped off when you see the cutting knife slip off the bench . 
My friend told me he really likes me . 
" My mother had for some time been trying to separate me from a good friend whoWhen I found that my ability to do ordinary work was worse than my fellow mates . 
  Now . 
  Were you ? your performance was excellent . 
After having slept for a short time I woke up - I had the feeling of someone standing beside me and was very frightened . I had to turn on the light turn on the light for before I was able to get to sleep again . 
  Sure . Now you are talking . 
A group of backbenchers is concerned at cross - media ownership in the new channels under the bill . 
  I had a bad start of . I was stuck in a bad traffic jam on my way and I missed my meeting . 
" The king was furious at being tricked again" WellFor not having succeded in getting the job as a translator that I wanted . 
's voice was concerned but deep inside she hoped he would not decide to go to the party . 
  sounds like he is pretty cute . What do you think of him ? 
" Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That 's the time ! Hey Samuel  Trust you ! You ca n't even handle simple plane reservations ! 
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected to come here at of Nursing . 
  I 'm sorry . 
  So what ? 
When I woke up at to find a fire spreading towards the bed -rooms .   I was very frightened as I realized that I faced death . 
It was of my homecoming . I saw my sister for the time in . She 's my best friend and extremely close . 
" Yeah" wellThe fear of being hurt in a relationship usually causes you to stay single or fear getting attached to a person .  
  It must be a haunted house . Are you frightened ? 
" When my aunt scolded me for something I was not responsible for .   A boy had come to our gate asking for me" Doris" He made a good livingWhen a close friend drowned in . 
Disappointed love . The girl made an end to our relationship while I thought she was in love with me . 
" t worry  Yes . But why do I have to fill out a form anyway ? This is the emergency room . 
of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a motorcycle through my own efforts . 
" Sometimes  Yes . 
Returning to school and rejoining my girlfriend after of separation from . 
When my girlfriend an I left each other . 
Kurzlinger hated for what he had done and the man 's grief for his murdered love was not to be underestimated . 
" Well@johnnorlin   tells us that we 've sacrificed more than others . tells us it 's time worry about the future . & # xA;&#xA;Luke 
  They soud like the neighbours from hell ! 
An exasperated was able to show up the inadequacy of his rival 's position in a characteristically witty way . 
" His horrified mother made a public appeal for the return of the ring" Oh  Winning is a piece of cake to me . 
" Mr Mitterrand appears so delighted with the ultra courteous" I lived in a flat with a couple . The woman was so jealous of meMy uncle died in . 
  I 'm afraid you are beginning to look a little overweight . You really need to stop smoking . That 's the main reason you 're unhealthy . 
When people without my permission pry in my belongings and take things out of it . 
  In . 
When a cousin of mine was discharged from the hospital after        a long illness .   I had thought that this illness would never end . 
When I had an argument with my best friend and I thought that I was right and she was not . 
When I had to come back from my village . 
  I ’ m sure I ’ ll like it here . 
He looked at her with exasperation when she just gazed at him with wide deep blue eyes . 
When a colleague failed to contact me at the arranged time . 
" At a school dance when my supposed \best friend\ " " kept walking away from me whenever I came near her . " " " 
" Is n't this lovely weather ? Will you help me water the flowers" I 've finished the draft  I am really looking forward to getting away from you . Far away from you ! 
" I was travelling back home by boat with friends of mine after a lovely holiday trip .   The night and the sea were dark" The day I got to know that I would get a shared dwelling with my boyfriend .   My parents place was getting a little crowded with my growing bother wanting a room to himself .   I felt doubt  Do people get married young ? 
" Oh I rememberWhen I failed my exam at . 
" He was a plodding lugubrious fellow" Ok  What happened ? Quarrel again ? 
" Hi" Do you speak only in the class" OhThe possibility of having failed the examination . 
" I am a \cantor\ " " - I sing psalms in church . I had to sing tooWhen on my grandmother died . I received the news when I was coming back from a party on the 24th at . 
When I found out that I could not go to the concert ( after buying the tickets ) because of a biology test which occurred the morning after . 
What a terrible house ! 
Getting into this university . 
  Too bad . I really like it . 
Ok now i m scared . . . I m the only one up in my house . . . I guess i m going to sleep . . 
Who 's that ? 
" When I got 21/30 points in an exam of statistics . The result was unexpected and it made me realize that statistics do not surpass my abilitiesWhen my relatives and I were in a car going slowly on a frozen road . 
" When I received the result slip of the higher level examination ( an university entrance exam ) and saw that I had a very good possibility of being accepted into the university" I was going to my village" I had mine when I was . that ’ s a little young . I ’ d suggest you wait until you are in your .  Sure . 
The outrageous conduct of a relative towards me and those close to me.(blaming us and lying ) 
" I also feel that work efficiency here is very high . and you have strong working ability and professional skillHow are you ? 
" I was \best man\ " " at my brother 's wedding . " " " 
When I almost fell down from some rocks because I had been acting foolishly and playing dangerously . 
's sober and workmanlike drawings instance his delight in registering rhythmic activity and industrial shapes . 
  How about a party at home ? That way we can get together and celebrate it . 
  Yes . 
When another person 's mother died . 
" I live by myself and was woke by a man on the end of my bed coming up my bed at me . I was really angryGot ill . 
" Yes  OK . 
Death of a pet rabbit . We had to give it away because my brother became allergic to it . We gave it to a man who kept animals and lots of other animals for children to watch . We went to visit our rabbit . It was badly beaten by the other rabbits and eventually died . 
  Of course . But I 'm afraid I 'm not much of a dancer ... 
I did not like it when a little girl was crying for her dead mother and was calling her by her name .   I was sad . 
" As the programme of meetings rolled on  Yes ? 
" I 'm sorry  Or getting stuck in traffic jams when you ’ re driving . 
  Me ! Me ! 
" Receiving a very personal letter from a lady that I likeSome time ago a close relative of mine got off cheap with the worst . 
" Once I was very frightened at night as I had a very fearful and terrifying dream" Yes" When a colleague asked me for help at work" After I had had a disappointment in my private life" But  Snipers ? 
" Oh" When a close friend took leave of me" Our tutorial group was soon to be divided" The fact that my mother is getting married again ( my mother and father divorced ) means that she will probably move to  It 's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids . 
" Walking around the University at night by myselfThe infuriated told the city governor that both the Chief of Police and the governor would be excommunicated if was not immediately released back to the convent . 
" I stayed alone in the dark at in the mountainWe are very happy that the Tour has enabled us to welcome this renowned orchestra to the Festival for the time . 
  Always . 
  Right . 
When I was in lower class during the Summer I joined a research group of the university student union .   I knew a lot of students there .   of them was travelling in mainland and he got T.B.   He died after coming back to   We all got together for the funeral and when I looked at the body for the last time I felt extremely sad . 
" Yes  Mrs . ? 
I had gone for a medical check - up at the and failed to make it back on time for the practical sessions at last academic year . 
  How often ? 
" Rose was excessively clinging in her behaviour and anxious when Clive was either late" When my father made my mother go through really terrible situations  I see . 
" Uncleaniness at my work place .   The place is generally not very cleanI was on this amusement park ride at . It went way up in the air and then around and around . Heights are not my favorite spots in life . 
  How dare you question my statement ! 
" WellWhen I found out that I had passed the last exams by a margin of . 
  No can do ... sorry . 
" At the dentist 's  Really . 
" What do you do in your free time" wat du i fink about success ? It sucks" I wanted togave a sigh of exasperation . 
" NoWhen my friend told me that he would come and meet me in a moment . 
Death of my grandmother . 
  Check out your mom 's closet . I 'll bet she still has something . 
" If I were  Have n't you heard that he is in prison ? 
When I realized that I loved someone of the opposite sex . 
" At the beginning" This time" When I got a stereo walkman from my father when he had finacial difficulties . I thought that although he promised to give me that presentWhen my grandmother died of cancer . 
" When I wasWhen we were on holidays my girl - friend had to leave me after and I had to stay in for because I had a job there . 
" Walking back from the gas station meHow dare you accuse me of stealing your computer ? 
What a great weekend that was ! 
" Without my permission" As he was rushed to hospital"I was very angry at my father when he did n't give me as much money as my brother to use for studying . Once again my brother was better off then me . 
" It was quite recently" When I achieved my first 6 at University after a long string of 's"" For you 've protected the seed  I 'm very sorry I ca n't . 
I was bitten by a dog . 
" TwitterWhen the university withdrew the accomodation that it had given me . 
It was necessary to organise a competition in connection with a celebration . Everyone was to be present at that event . It turned out that there was no audience at all because everyone had pretended to be very intelligent and no one had come . I got furious . 
" The final marks were to be given in the morning .   I wanted to get there late because I was very afraid .   When I arrived there  That 's not nice . 
  It costs more than you think to run a car --- especially when there are so many things wrong with it ! 
" Hi" I remember my religious experience .   During   a gospel camp" HeyGetting into this university to do medicine . 
Here 's the restaurant we 're meeting the at . 
" A surge of elation rushed through his body as he read the note for the time" When I asked if they could make me an identical one trimmed with black fur and beading instead  I 've been with this firm for and I 'd hate to see it go down the drain due to poor leadership skills . 
" ` NoTo fight with a sister and to know that she does n't care . 
" I was joyful when I received a present ( books and a pencil ) from the headmaster in standard 6 because I had passed" Yes" In their communiquWhen I was I frequently was pursued by others and got sound thrashes . 
" We hitch hiked our way back from a town rather drunk .   We were dropped in another town which was unknown to us .   I needed to urinateI was angry at a University tutorial when an ignorant loudmouth persisted in trying to dominate the conversation . 
" At first I could not understand -- but then when she had  . 
It was the kind of life that ` was making life miserable in the extreme for her and since I felt responsible for her it was making me miserable too . 
  OK . 
" One day my elder brother badly scolded my father .   This was the time that I heard such abusive language from my brother .   I requested him humbly not to use this kind of language but he did not care for what I was saying .   Finally I picked up an axe to use against him  Me too . I ’ ll write to you once I get settled . But I have so much to do . You might have to wait a while . But I really will write to you . I love to write letters . I think it ’ s more meaning than the emails even than the phone call . 
  But it still hurts . I thought I loved him . 
" The comrade staying next doors insulted me for what he called   the misuse of his iron .   He called me stupid  You too . Thanks for dropping in . 
" OKMy boyfriend decided to make an end to our relationship . 
of my boyfriends got mad at me because a lot of my close friends were guys and he did n't want me to see them anymore because he was jealous . 
When a pet died . The pet was the closest friend I had for . 
" I was on my way back fromErika stamped her foot in vexation . 
When I got married . 
  Sure . 
  We got lost coming back . I guess I do n't really know this town yet . 
  Tarzan . 
When the doctor told me that there was something wrong with my eye and I had to undergo an operation . 
Every time I see a spider or a snake . 
" A certain man went to my parents and told them that I was married here" On a sailing boat atA nuisance used to live in our flat . I experienced this feeling when I tried to chase her out . 
  When will the lecture begin ? 
She voiced her disquiet and laughed . 
After a short stay in Marocco we missed the ferry - boat back to and we had to look for an accomodation . By chance we met a man who offered to take us to a camping site . While I was sitting in his car I was terribly afraid because I had heard of people being robbed in Marocco . 
was totally happy about it . 
When I got divorced from my husband after of marriage . 
When my mother was operated . 
Death of the family dog . 
" I was at home alone when I realized that a young roe approached our house . I hid because I did not want to frighten it . It limped . Some time laterWhen I passed and so I could come back for my second year . 
" Very likely he was simply lying on his bed in a state of dejection andWhen I got caught in the pouring rain and did not have a raincoat on me . 
  We 're sorry you have to leave . 
  Mr . : Yes ? 
  Why not ? 
When I spoke to my daughter and wished her luck for the examinations she was about to take . 
  I do n't care . 
  What is the weather like in at this time of ? 
She did n't look quite so indignant as she 'd looked before . 
" OkayThe priest became agitated . 
" @notMarcStaal I 'd offer to do a strip teaseInsulted by my mother . 
  So Barb ... what do you do ? 
An agitated old lady addressed severely and asked why he did not go back to his own country and do good there instead of stirring up trouble in . 
When I succeed in writing something I felt and doing it I felt well and very happy for being able to express to myself something that was suffocating me . 
  Are you kidding me ? 
  Critics are not very happy with the movies that you ’ Ve made recently . Does that bother you ? 
" The sense of joy comes to me always after a period of depression  That makes sense . I think I 'll do that . Thanks for all the help . 
It happened that I was alone - with no contacts with friends . 
Not being chosen for the lectures ( my girl - friend chosen ) . 
When my partner was attacked and lost teeth . 
Her face lit up with a delighted smile as she gazed at an abandoned plate of - eaten sandwiches on a nearby table . 
When my son has a pain in his leg ( for no apparent reason ) .  
When I was going to bring back my girlfriend to to meet my parents . 
  Thanks . 
After having taken an exam i feared having failed it . 
I went to a doctor with a complaint . The doctor told me that I was completely healthy . 
" Nevertheless  I 've already suffered enough without listening anymore to you ! 
" Having a regular study routine and following it is very important" I felt very sad when I had to give up something that by right was mine and although I did n't get it" I 'm sorry sir" I have been sent a Leeds United 1993 - 94 squad picture from and this now adorns my office wallturned back to face the dismayed couple . 
  I would very much enjoy taking a Psychology class . Because I 'm crazy . 
" And I was overwhelmed by this scene  fool ! 
" The happy melody of Morning has followed  What place ? 
" boys whom I know were telling meMy friend still trusts me as a friend . 
" After going through a glass doorHi . 
When some friends of mine asked me to go camping with them for a fortnight . 
When I am with a friend and we have to leave each other . 
Ellen gave me an amused glance . 
@myfoxla you are reporting on the basis of please stop trying to place fear into viewers . It 's uncool . occupyla # ows 
I was angry this morning when I missed the train to university . 
" I love her so much  Where are you from ? 
I had a friend who I did n't see for a long time . We had a relationship from much union and interaction . It was that I did n't see her . She appeared in my home and we talked . 
You ’ re making my blood boil . 
" No" Come on ! A little laborThe mosquitos are biting me ! 
" I 've something very unpleasant to talk with you . Upon the arrival of the consignment  Oh ! ! My car is n't working . I 'm waiting for a tow - truck . 
When and ( close friends ) were announced our guardians at ther wedding . 
Strictly avoid frightening ideas 
" Hello" could feel his anguish" The fear about my future : work" I lent a text - book to a person I did not know very well" A drunken friend of mine was beating up another friend  Yes . 
  Thanks . Lovely day . Pity I ’ m on duty . 
Finding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at . 
When the girl I loved turned me down . 
  I will . 
The patient whom I expected to get well suddenly passed away after he showed had his meals . 
  You mean push - ups ? 
  Thank you . 
  Poor old John ! I am ever so sorry . 
Passing a very difficult examination which I did n't expect - MCE . 
  I think I 've caught a cold . Now I 'm aching all over . 
@pathien selon doctissimo le verdict est sans appel : cancer du cerveau ! ! 
" My friend has to go on field tripsWith self at losing an important game that I should have won . 
We grew more and more excited . 
YEOVIL captain was heartbroken over the rash moment which may cost him the chance of playing in the dream FA Cup tie against . 
"" Sometimes it takes too long to find the exact information you are looking for . Besides  It must be dreadful to grow old . 
When my girlfriend left me . 
  About ten years so far . I started learning when I was in middle school . 
  I do n't want to argue anymore . Please get out of my life ! 
I felt sad when I heard that my girlfriend was double - crossing me with the boy who is my best friend . 
" Sorry  of course . There ’ s always much to learn . I got to know more about the real world . 
" A friend of mine uses butter instead of oil when he is cooking . I am always angry about that" An encounter with a man whom I love  OK . 
  What ’ s the score ? 
  Do n't look so horrified ! 
" What does a CEO do anyway ? I know the CEO makes the most money in the company" I hope so . I 'm looking for some material for a paper I 'm writingNo wonder had become exasperated . 
  I see . 
" Ah" would not have described her as a happy woman  I will be all right soon . I was terrified when I watched them fall from the wire . 
My father left us for another woman . 
Almost had a bicycle accident . 
She looked into his eyes and saw terrible pain and inconsolable grief . 
I locked myself out . 
" InSometime back another girl who was in terms with my ex - boyfriend came to shout at me at . It was because she thought I was still interested in the boy . 
This issue worried me rather than saddening me .   In I went to Guanggho alone .   I was looking for an accomodation in the evening and after having walked I still could not find anything .   What could I do ?   I was not worried about sleeping on the streets but because of some procedural problems .   I finally found a place to sleep at . 
Almost always when I go to fetch the results of an exam . 
When I obtained good marks in a subject I had failed before . 
" I could not practise my violin as my family was watching T.V with the lights off" When I won the \Under 18\ " " Showjumping at . The competition was very stiff and there were many riders competing . " " " 
When armed robbers broke into our house at night . 
" Sleeping alone in a tent" A person I really like left for overseas for" Some real researchI was very sad when I heard that my uncle had passed away untimely at home . 
" I felt anger when I saw that I was being misleaded by my boyfriend  Thanks . 
  Not always . Sometimes we do n't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . 
  Maybe you 're right . I have been too lazy lately . 
" While Grant was wakening the kidsFailed to be elected to be a class leader . 
  I do n't buy a story . 
Resist Launch out into the deep ! 
" You do n't have to keep saying thatPolanski had received notices of similar disquiet over his films . 
  . 
  Good heavens ! Do n't bring that frog in the house . 
Speaking in front of a large group of people . 
" Their mother died  The heart ! 
" In there was understanding" Before I went to the urologist 's I was afraid for several reasons : because it was for the time  Not a bit . 
" During my mother almost had a nervous breakdown and my father had a serious operation . I was afraid that our family ( kids  No way ! 
  Nothing . 
chosen for your lecture and my best friend is not . Now he is angry with me and I can not help him . 
  I know for sure that something is wrong ! 
" When" I really do n't know how to break this to you" Feeling a little frightened of the dead body behind him in the cart  So what ? 
  Good . 
" When I went to a job interview  Bye . 
  Damn ! 
When my grandfather died . 
  Yes . 
" The alarmed initially kept this threat to themselves" I got into an argument with a photographer for whom I had to pose times  pieces . 
I felt sadness when I had to get separated from the woman I loved who had to leave for her motherland . 
"" When it became clear that a man had used many people sexually and psychologically  I ’ m afraid that I can ’ t . They were in fashion and . But they ’ re not in fashion . These shoes are in fashion now . 
I was very happy when I received the results as I was worried about how well I had done .   I was very happy to know that I had passed . 
" unnamed area was criticised after it appeared to have industrial dereliction and sad" After what   news has brought out in the news" NoLet 's go in . 
  Oh.history . 
" By the waywake up in the morning eat some flakes buck up go to work for poverty wages send your kids to FEAR war get sick go broke repeat . 
"" The day I met youI told my friend something confidential which was supposed to remain between the of us .   The next thing that happened was that a girl who is not even close to us came laughing and askad me to tell her about it .   I was very angry with my friend as I had trusted her . 
" But his initial anger at finding the latest victims of the insane killer 's bloodlust  Me too . 
An old lady slipped and nobody helped her . 
A friend called me and told me that she wanted to come and see me . She lived in a village at distance fom my home town . I expected her but she did n't arrive . As I got impatient I called her but her parents told me that she had gone skiing . I was very angry because I had cancelled an appointment to be able to see her . 
" in a clinic  All right . 
  I 'm afraid you 've made a mistake . This is n't what I ordered . 
" Yes . And we 're proud of youI had planned to study for my mid - term exams on and   my room - mate called me to ask me to go out for a stroll .   I tried to make an excuse so as not to go out but she refused to listen to me and insisted that I go out with her .   I find it unnecessary   to talk to her anymore . 
When I had to walk home in the dark for the time . 
" This has been the worst and best day of my life  . Some friends are having a birthday party for me . Do you want to come ? 
" Just so so . I met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful timeWhen my brother bought me a nice pair of shoes from . 
Some boys deliberately played tricks on me in the experiments . 
A very close friend of mine was refused entrance to the medical school .   Her grades were very good and she should not have been left out .   Biased judgment ! 
" Well the birthday surprise was a fail" To misquote you : he is itinerant because he is miserable . " " " 
  Yuan . 
She had smiled and raised rather amused brows at the stories that tumbled in then of 's progress . 
Hello Gina ! We 've spoken so many times on the phone but 's it 's so good to finally meet you in person ! 
  Fine ! Do you want anything to eat now ? 
  Okay . 
" Yeah" When I feel I must be with somebody  . 
" After having at last finished my master 's thesisMy boyfriend promised to take me to see a game of tennis and rang saying he was going to the pub with some of his friends instead . 
Manager touchline ban meant he could only watch in anguish from the directors ' box . 
When I forgot the lyrics during a song contest . 
" The book also moves close to a highly critical analysis of science and yet never becomes anti - scienceI feel sad about an event I can not influence . 
" Seeing the look of dismay on her mother 's face" Yes  Almost . 
Fuck . ! Only a girl 's anger on your silly questions can make you sweat in temperature near ° C .. ! or thrill youprefer 
" I was captain of the school swimming team . The team was points in front before the last relay . We won the relay" DadMost estate agents were overjoyed at the election result . 
I was having breakfast with a classmate and suddenly I began to cry as I thought of a friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time . 
Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening around me which pleases me . 
There was a conflict of interest between me and a close friend of mine .   He only thought about his own interest and not about our friendship .   This behaviour hurt his friends .   Another incident is when a friend isolated himself without giving any reasons . 
  It ’ s simply because the tins were damaged . 
I was doing an experiment and was not getting the appropriate result despite the fact that I had repeated the procedure - 5 times .   Then finally I got it right by a stroke of luck . 
Vertigo - standing on a ladder and painting the house . 
  It 's us . 
  You 're so old fashioned ! Nobody is going to pull down your pants ! 
The more than satisfactory result of a recently - completed university subject was communicated to me by phone . 
  You 're so lucky . I hope to get married to a guy like that . 
" Let me see ... OhBreaking up with a girl . 
" After hearing about the death of my grandfather .   I could not believe it" Darn ! OhThe death of my twin sister - suicide . 
When I get home late my father scolds me and this makes me angry . 
I had fear of my father ( parents ) when I became pregnant . I was afraid of delivery itself and whether I would give birth to a stiiborn or a baby . 
" But the blank horror over atrocities has created a blind spot about its strength in" When we were in high school a few guys sometimes provoked a friend of mine .   They called her a pig and then grunted .   This irritated most of the girls .   Once" Did send these dirty jokes to you" I felt unfairly treated at an airportWhen I think about my parents getting old . 
  What position do you play ? 
You honestly believe the world ’ s improving every year ? 
  I know that . You do n't have to tell me that . That 's my problem . I know I have the right to work for the university . That 's legal . But they do n't have a job for me . And it 's illegal for me to get a job elsewhere . 
  Of course . 
When my mother was tremendous on the phone and we talked for hours . She was in a good mood . 
" When my sister diedThere was something in the journalist 's manner that goaded 's exasperation into anger . 
" I repliedWhen my dad gives priority to my kid brother 's band and his other activities .   We both play in different bands and rehearse in my parents garage . 
" YeahThat if ever I was really naughty I would be sent away from my Mum and Dad to another family . I was fostered from and did n't get to Mum and Dad until I was and then legally adopted at . 
THE heartbroken mother of transplant donor is leaving to work as a missionary . 
"  Certainly . 
This happened when I was selected to go to Secondary school to start Form I in . 
Once as a child I dreamed of a fire . Since that time I had n't wanted to sleep in that bed and had feared the night darkness ( and so it is now ) . 
" Many Labour MPs could not hide their glee at the 's actionStopped at a shop with friends and a few locals wanted to fight us for no apparent reason . They hit and picked on one of my friends . 
  It sure is . 
Talking to my close friend . 
" Climbing a mountain" in the air" In it a deeply depressed Spiro" Some of his actions  Yes . 
The old man answered my knock and his big face split into a delighted grin when he saw me . 
" A person close to me mistook my good intentions for bad" Oh" The fans are great here  I 'm going out anyway . Get out of my way . 
  Yes . 
" UnfortunatelyBefore the exam . 
" Scorning the establishment" My father was very angry with me" Watch out" A heartbroken Daniels watched this all going on  Let 's go in to wait for them . 
" I lost my grandfather whom I loved very much .   I had not known that he had been ill for a very time  What about ? 
shook his handsome head over his friend 's amusement . 
Receiving a letter form a girl that means a lot to me emotionally . 
" " " would be pleased  I think so . 
The day the results of the certificate exam came out .   I went to school and at first I did not feel frightened .   By the time I reached the floor ( the results were being given on the floor ) I found it difficult to walk and felt that I would die . 
" was on his feet" I was selected to come here ( University" With a little grimace  The works ? 
" I was alone in my parents ' house" Dam itWhen my brother hit his head and lost consciousness at the sports practice .   For some time he could not remember what had happened but he recovered later . 
" I have to do some things" Hmm" last forever" OhOn in I made a walk in the woods all alone and very relaxed . Then a motorbike took me over and I saw the man watching all the time . Suddenly the man stood behing me and I ran away fast . 
" Being subject to unfair treatment in a working group  Do n't mention it . I 'm always willing to help good students . 
When I met a good friend after a long time . We had had a quarrel but after I was really glad to see him again . 
  Yes . 
  Do you have a ride home ? 
I was when our neighbour 's dog chased me to the roof of a small shed and there seemed to be no hope of getting away from there . 
  Of course ... here you are . I 'm sorry the pajamas did n't work out for you . 
Receiving personal criticisms . 
Damaged the tap in the residental . 
He is cross at having to come here when his time with is so short . 
" Is ur child a worry wart ? Here is a tip fromWhen I was we were on holiday in . There was very heavy weather then . 
I had to leave my girlfriend for because of my studies . This happens frequently . before my departure are always very depressing . 
  Okay ... 
  Let 's go on the computer to see what 's up . Do you think you are doing well ? 
  I like playing chess . 
" I did a solo flight from to Kaikohe before I got my pilot licence . I can remember it was gorgeous day and I was on a natural high" It was the prospect of finding gold that induced these excited men to make such frantic efforts to open out the barrow " " . " 
" It sure is . I 'm glad it did n't rain . My name 'sI was studying in class at night . I was in Form II by then . There were rumours about an earthquake . That night dogs were chasing one another and passed through the window outside the classroom . Those who saw the dogs thought it was a lion and were terrified . Trying to run away the desks were dragged and there was a shaking movement . I thought it was an earthquake and jumped out of the window . 
  Alright . 
  $ . 
" Sorry" is in me  See you . 
When the mother of a good friend of mine died . 
" It was" The news of the natural calamity  I do n't care . I have a headache . 
My father had been involved in a car accident .   I was then very scared thinking that he would die as he lay unconscious in hospital for . 
  So do I . 
Politicians who objected to and her radical conviction politics suffered the anguish of apparently unresolvable frustration . 
" I 'm sorry  Good idea . 
  It sure is . 
  He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy . 
" Yeah" When I decided to leave my steadyWhen a thief broke into my house and stole some valuable goods . 
  I liked it . I thought it was great . 
They were on the top floor of an old house and he was very cold and very miserable . 
" Because of what had happenedIt was as if 's avaricious monarch was more of an affront than the voluptuary suffering from the horrors of dissipation . 
I have said we will be pleased to provide back - up with visitor 's packs etc and that I would inform you of the request . 
When he saw this he was further enraged and started towards the seer with an axe . 
I do n't need to swear to anything . Punch your mrs and you 'll wake up with your dick on your pillow next to bloody scissors . . 
When my grandmother died . She stayed with us until I had the age of 10 . When she died I was and I remember the moment after the funeral : I sat on the table and cried . 
  Wow ! Sure ! 
  What do you mean ? My daddy gave me this car for my birthday . It ’ s brand new ! 
I was going to go on a vacation to but was unable to go because of registration . 
Our son is gone and my heart is gone too . I don ’ t know how to spend the rest of my years . 
A lot of people 's biggest is death and a lot of others is clowns .. My biggest fear ... Death by Clowns ! There 's nothing scarier ! 
  Sure . 
" When I became conscious that men do n't wnat anything they do n't have a goal . They have : sex" Take it easy  my computer just crashed again for the time ! 
  There is a wait right now to use the computers . 
  Bye . 
" You know  Why ? 
I got angry when I learned how short a time we had to prepare for the term examinations . 
I felt sad when I was told to walk out of the classroom because I was within the row of students who were making noise . 
  I usually ride my bike . Which form of transport do you prefer to use ? 
  You are passing the buck . I 'll be hanged if I ask you to go to the park with us . 
She says we 're happy to be in but we are sad for our relatives . 
  OK . 
" This happened recentlyby @Drake   is still the realist song ever made by him . Way too explicit for fakes # 
I once failed a test miserably and my friend did very well and someone made a nasty comment while comparing me to my friend . 
My mother was unwell and went for many cancer tests . She spent time in hospital being opened and closed many times . 
" When I was your age" " " A little offended  Sure . 
Being put down by the class leaders . 
" YesWhen males in my family try to assign house duties exclusively with referance to sex . 
My current work load is too much .   The feeling comes back from time to time . 
She did not look like a happy woman . 
  waves ? 
When my husband suddenly came to see me at my new job and brought some flowers and cake with him . 
" Oh yes . MenDavid coped with his grief by trying to save other youngsters from solvent abuse . 
" No" At" I am not cheating . When you pass go  I requested it . What do you say ? Do you have your dancing shoes on ? 
` I feel despair at being deceived and betrayed . 
" If my tears hold valueGetting separated from my family for caused me a sense of sadness . 
" When he came to the part about the clip he glanced up" I do n't care about that  . 
The moment I got the news that I had been selected for the junior national research fellowship .   It was a dream come true . 
When I had stayed abroad for a long time and I had remembered about my friends and relatives . I felt sad and I wanted to see them as soon as possible . 
" Glancing up at his faceI have a friend that I deeply trusted but it happened that I lost my confidence in her for which she herself was to blame . 
When felt lonely about writing my family . 
" As the time to get the results drew near I became more and more anxious .   My friend called me and said" After seeing an \uncertain\ " " child work on a model forWhen a few girls were talking rubbish about me . 
  Thank you . 
" my family decided to move from to . From the time we decided to move until the time we left" I felt sadness when I notice that I 'm not important for a determinate person . We do many things for a friend  It 's nice of you to say so . 
  Right . 
  What is it ? 
When I found out I got accepted to . 
I gave my mom a gift she wanted for . I raflected her joy . 
" I 'm crazy about football . When my team lost a goal in the championship  Like what ? 
  I 've searched everywhere . Where on earth did I put it ? 
" Oh  They arrested me for nothing . 
  John is in prison now . He was copped outstealing . 
  I really have no idea . All I know is that the thought of him really curls my hair ! 
" I had a friend visiting me for . The only thing he did was sleeping  What is it ? 
" My father accused my brother of having bumped his carWhen I had passed MCE examinations . 
" Aha ! Now I understand . You were trying to buy stolen goods on the sidewalk . So" When my father addressed me directly and maliciously  It 's not a cut . It 's a gash ! It 's bigger than a cut ! Ah ! I need a doctor . 
" The was becoming agitated againMy girlfriend gave me the mitten ( left me ) . 
" Highly delighted with the transactionAt this stage you are normally expected to experience grief when the main feeling is shock . 
When i was asked to be a child 's godmother . 
" ` She felt that would have caused pain and anguish to and . " " " 
" My nephew 's mother just left ( my brother and she were not married ) . My nephewI 'd just got the top mark in an exam . 
  Well ... 
I found myself involved in a fight in which a person died and I had to intervene with some risk . 
Once I had an argument with my friends and I knew that I was right .   My friends went on arguing with me even though they did not know the right thing . 
  I would if I were you . 
Being together with my best friend . 
Was his sadness tinged with guilt ? 
" I 'm afraid not  Here we are . You find us a table and I 'll get the drinks . 
The process of spotting and refusing to obey it is the source of all true # empowerment . -Martha Beck 
I was very very angry to read Batty 's comments about . 
  I guess so . 
Do n't let grab your tongue nor let it confine   your # heart # life is too short to live an # mundane # existence ~milla 
  . 
" Rose stood looking down at herI had climbed on a cherry tree alone and there was a thick caterpillar beside my fingers . I feel disgusted by caterpillars and snakes . I was terribly afraid of the caterpillar crawling on my fingers . Out of the fear I was almost unable to climb down . 
" police were needed to quell pitch invasions . --Have you signed up to join the company ’ s party ? 
Food for thought : falling and loud noises are the only fears we are born with - all others are learned through life experiences .  
  No way . I 've given you too many chances already . 
" When I knew almost the same day great friends of mine that had serious existential crisisWhen I entered the dissecting room for the anatomy class and saw several dead bodies lying on the benches . 
" That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business planI may not be clever enough to understand your lectures . 
  . 
Achievement of a task by a friend who had begun a new job . She was n't confident of handling the situation so was thinking   of leaving the job only after employment . 
  But I still love you . 
  You ’ Ve got to be kidding me ! You ’ re complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break times a day to shoot the breeze ? 
  Aug 8 . 
" @VanessaDetwiler is not necessarily a bad thing" I was told quite unexpectedly that one wanted me to become the vice - chairman of our student organisation .   I was really surprised and joy was the emotion I felt  Are you a football player ? 
" When my father passed away in .   I was left alone with my mother who was very sick so I had to go and live with my aunt  Very nice . Thank you for your time . 
" As grew weaker" I ’ m sorryWhen I was told to attend an operation in theatre . 
" In the end he had little real choice but to join in and" I could n't sleepThat afternoon I rushed home to look at the result slip of the higher level as fast as possible .   I opened the envelope very carefully and found that my results were much better than I had expected and thus I could enter the university .   My diligence had paid and I was very happy . 
  I 'll certainly try to help you . What topic is your paper on ? 
" My superior blamed me for some neglects at work in front of others .   In factI have a new born child . 
" There 's nothing definite I think . I do n't have a list or anythingAn unjust refree decision at a sports event when I was the team leader . 
  Silly boy ! The dustbin is at the back of the school . Now pick up the paperand put it in the dustbiri . 
Someone in my family ( my brother I suspected ) ate a bun which I had made for myself . It was during a long telephone call after I had just made it and put it in the oven warming drawer . 
I get angry when my smaller brother misbehaves and talks with indecent words . 
  I just don ’ t want to play table tennis any more . 
  Of course . 
" When Tina and the children moved into the School" ` I am vexed" Emily suddenly felt a surge of elation  You said the same thing . 
" Great ! Wait here ? You don ’ t have enough room for the amplifiersHe says old gets mad at them . 
After passing my Malawi Certificate of Education Exam and being selected to of Nursing . 
Going to a disco by myself to wait for some friends . We had separated and had n't planned where to meet . I was n't sure if they were even going to this place so I felt very conscious of being alone . 
  I see . What ’ s it like there ? 
" When my brother went to shoot wild ducksI was playing in a football tournament and saw the rules openly disregarded . 
When I pass an exam . 
" @GodSpurs Got ta be Vanners for me  How short ? 
What ? 
" I 'm dead serious about this" Yes" In a cottage in a large forestWhen I heard about the death of my aunt . 
Being treated unfairly and being hurt by someone I love . 
Whether the cries of anguish for alone are justified remains to be seen . 
I was living with my brother and he went away on business and I was left alone to look after the house and the property . At night thieves came and wanted to break into the house . 
" ` All her colleagues are devastated" My brother and I were driving to when he drove back onto the road  Until when ? 
  What is that ? 
When I met with friends that I had n't seen for a long time . 
  Go ahead . 
When on a car journey a fellow student crossed our way with his own car and we had to bump into a roadside trunk . 
" A friend whom I had gone out of my way to do something for did not bother to acknowledge my effortsWhen my boyfriend would n't dance with me on my graduation night because he thought I could dance with my friends who were friendly . 
  Fine too . 
" It was performance that drew applause from a press corps relieved to be approaching the end of at least the election campaign  Wow ! So many people in get divorced ! 
" I remember youPeople are becoming more and more concerned about the healthiness of their diet and way of life . 
I received a letter of acceptance from university . 
  The sea water treatments are supposed to be really good for you . 
  Thank you very much . 
I remember my despondency in when was forced to surrender to the . 
I finished my homework ; an important task . 
" She gazed at  Thanks . 
I should have given a test lesson to get a job . I had no courage . I did n't make the test . 
" When I saw the movie \Poltergist\ " " . " " " 
It is difficult to tell whether they are disappointed or pleased when the expected end seems delayed . 
  Let ’ s go for a joy ride . 
" My mother suffers from a mental illness .   One night she was not feeling well and was sent to the hospital .   I was scared that she would die" That 's fine" She thought she had given him a very tricky word"Sometimes our bodies and minds seek excuses to experience griefs that we may have put aside or denied because we could n't face them at the time . 
  Not very much . Classical music sends me to sleep 
" is known as a social butterfly . She has taken many rich men for a ride" And she said absurd things" Do n't worry . AnywayI was in a car accident on the way back from a weekend rowing regatta we 'd won . others were in the car . I thought I 'd never be able to row again . 
" All through his lifemy entire drunken family is trying to get me to play just dance . this is horendous .   
" Having quarreled with a boyfriendIt was when I heard on the radio that I passed my M.C.E. exams and I was really happy and joyous because of the event . 
  Like what ? 
  Why not ? 
After some time of work I was transferred to another place and in an other quite harder job . 
" ` I should think you 're pleasedWhen I was ditched by my girlfriend . 
  No . Why ? 
" Well  I am not in the mood . 
" She crammed more living into her than most people experience in lifetimes  we were planning on walking both ways since the weather is still nice . 
Traveling as the only female in a railway carriage in in . 
  I 've searched everywhere . Where on earth did I put it ? 
  Ok . 
  My car run out of petrol . 
" All during" I found that most parents were initially rather shocked at finding out their daughter was pregnantHaving a car accident . 
" Not having entered art competitions beforeAn unjust calumny concerning me . 
" BothWhen I was left alone at home by my brother . 
  Oh . 
When I entered in the University after a year of struggles . 
I really like the record you lent me . 
" WhenI took part in a football match . The referee was extremely partial to the opposite team . This stirred up my discontent and anger . 
It happened when I lost very intimate friends in a car accident . 
" I 'm very sorry for that" Well  That ’ s all I need . 
Doing anatomy alone for the time . 
  It is impossible . You cheated on me . 
I had an accident with a trafic police car that was packed at a curve without any visibility and against all traffic regulations in a strong snowstorm . As a result I still can not repair my car because of the missing spare parts . 
" LookCan think of no time that I have felt fear . 
my wife gave birth to twin sisters . She had no idea of looking after babies and she felt quite oppressed . The fact that I could n't help her caused grief to me . 
" When I was walking atMy grandfather underwent successive operations during .   The operation was risky and I was scared that he would die and feared that my grandmother would be very sad . 
" One day my room - mate started imitating meWhen my roommate 's moped was stolen I was very angry . 
  . 
A CITY 'S terror - stricken minicab drivers are threatening to quit their jobs in fear after the murder of a young cabbie . 
" " "My uncle passed away . 
  Mumm . no . 
I felt sad when my dear friend was needed from training school due to his failure in a number of subjects and simply did n't know what he had to do . 
was disquieted but not sure why . 
  Medicine . 
" When I met a girl and asked her for a date and she agreed  The dog bit the delivery boy . 
" After alarmed glance at her apoplectic faceFinding out that is still backward in science . 
" I was very sad when I could not take the M.A ( I ) exams due to illness  See you . 
I am surely not alone in feeling profoundly sad over the so - called reprieve of certain regiments in . 
" My grandmother is a highly authoritative personWhen my family and I heard of the death of my grandfather .   We had   seen him and it seemed that he had just been waiting to see us . 
When I received the best actor award at the inter - college drama competition .   It gave me tremendous joy and satisfaction which lasted for . 
" With such obvious delight in food  Good . 
  I feel very nervous about it . 
  Yeah ? 
" When a close friendHow have you been ? 
  John . 
" He was not overwhelmed with grief for Kit  Ok . 
I seem to be more nervous in that way than I once was . 
" When I meet old past pupils of mine - and find they are all doing well - I feel joy . I met a young woman ( yrs ) I 'd taught her at yrsA grenade blew out next to me . 
If my got mad with me for something I 'd done -- or more often something I had n't done -- she used to make moaning noises and stagger about the house as if she was dying . 
  What a thrilling trip ! 
" Yes" The were petrified of Communism" HiWhen a classmate hit me on my occipital region when I was busy studying and concentrating on my classnotes . 
" That sounds great . SoWhen I fell in love . 
  No ... 
" wellWhen my dog died . 
" I do n't suppose you 're overjoyed that I ' ve got a friend in the rival camp . " " " 
" May" When I was accepted for further education  I do n't like Folk music very much . 
" i DONT want to be one of the people God denys when its judgement daygets cross about that . 
" Joy of giving birth" They should make a 24hours a day Witherspoon channelI felt it when I was at home and saw a discussion without sense between my parents . 
" When my mother slapped me in the face" SorryAway from the defence debate Dr Mowlam also spoke of her despair at the growing homeless problem in her constituency . 
" I had oneWhen they gave away my dog to other people without my knowledge . 
" RelativesI am a school teacher . At a teacher - parent meeting I received a good deal of positive feed - back on my work both from the parents and through them from the pupils . 
Getting sent on a company expense trip to another state to work for at that plan . 
" Yeah" I felt fear when once I was asleep and dreamed that I was dying asfixiated by a cardiac attack" When I left  He had a lot of nerve telling us our ads sucked . 
Berthon was livid at of his cars being butchered but had to acknowledge that it handled better . 
  There will be a parents ' meeting in our class this and I am worried about it . 
" I was very sad when I did not get admission in the collegeDo you have any idea what time it is ? 
When I was told that a good friend was seriously ill . 
I awoke anxious over what had happened . 
When I came back from my holidays . 
The government 's announcement of the withdrawal of the student allowances in . 
The death of an animal we had reared . 
I remember that when I was in school I saw a case of partiality - one of the teachers gave private coaching classes to some girls and she would give these girls extra attention in class and would ignore the others . 
  Yeah . And I never want to go again . 
" ? Whatever ... LookThis happened when it was finally confirmed that I had stood in the university for the M.A exams .   before the official results were declared a clerk had brought the results unofficially .   So I had been expecting the results but the confirmation allowed me to legitimately feel happy at my success . 
I met again a very good friend whom I had not seen for a long time . 
When I got to know about the reaction of a friend of mine in a certain situation .   I had not expected him to react that way . 
" At schoolWhen my grandfather died . 
" Or was it just fear that paralysed her" The journey was taken at a leisurely pace because of the trailerI was given a wristwatch by my girl and after another girl of mine also gave me a wristwatch . 
When my dress and a few other things were stolen from my wardrobe . 
Watching a horror film . 
My best friend suddenly acting strange towards me . 
  We ’ re doomed ! 
When I met friends I had not seen for the last . 
A night spent with a group of friends . 
" An anguished groan escaped her" He was more frightened than he had been in all the time he had been with them" Just as usual" We do many things . In theAt a friend 's birthday party with some of my closest friends .   It was all very pleasant and one could say that I was happy to have such good friends . 
" I was walking in the wood at night with my boyfriend . Very romantic . Suddenly I heard a car driving very slowly with the lights outI sent a book to a friend of mine .   The book meant a lot to me and he lost it . 
" Where have you been  I feel terrible now . 
Do you like cooking ? 
When I called my boyfriend he asked me if I would live with him . 
" Yes" She 's in a lot of paininsider said : ` The sheer anger of people has taken everybody by surprise . 
When I went to visit a friend in the hospital . She had to undergo an operation for rupture . I was glad to hear that the operation succeeded and that she was relieved of her pain . 
  That sounds fine . I 'll be there around seven . 
" When I was  OK . 
  What a pity ! 
I feared that I would not be able to hand in the book - report on time as I had started working very late .   The book was difficult to read and my teacher did not accept my work as it was handed in late . 
" My sweatheart were away on a tripI got an A in anatomy - the one I have ever gotten in a science class here . 
  Yes . 
  Yeah . Anyway he is driving me mad . 
" When I did not get admission in M.Sc after my B.Sc  No problem . 
" I was walking alone in the street late at ( 2.30 am ) . It was very quiet . Then a man approached me and said \Hello\ " " . " " " 
  I 'm afraid you 'll have to find a parking meter . 
" HeyBig thanks to @JoeyRyanOnline for the picture . Made my night 
  I am also impressed with the lines in the movie . 
  Lily Smith . 
  The brain ! 
" OhI was to be given an audition to get a role . I had a competitress and I was n't well prepared because I was ill . 
" A despondent worker remarkedWhen my close friend was involved in an accident and passed away instantly .   He had gone to buy a new car and had asked me to wait at his home so that I could see his new car . 
was deeply concerned that his access to the child was limited . 
" When I came back to my hostel" Inter - national sports events won by my favourite national team or player brings me joy" I am scared of me . Listen to more milli by drake " 
  That 's great . Let 's go skating together . 
  Just what I thought ! 
  I 'm being attacked by hordes of cockroaches ! 
Someone did n't show up at a meeting in spite of having agreed to come . 
When I learnt of the death of a friend . 
" was inconsolable and  It ’ s a wonderful style . 
" These problems can vary in intensity from parents concerned about how to wean  It 's scary . 
When my mother entered surgery for a quadruple heart bypass . I felt intense fear at the time she was actually wheeled away . 
My girlfriend who had spent abroad broke off our relationship by letter . 
  Hey ! 
  How do I log on to the computer ? 
When I was insulted by a fellow student . 
Death of brother . 
" After attending a song contest proposed by a band called \Chyne\ " " we ( 6 of us ) waited for the members of the band to greet us in front of the stage .   We went out after as it was time to close the hall .   We had been waiting at the entrance hall for when of the band members came out .   They were very excited to see us" An utteranceBefore an exam . 
Got a big fish in fishing . 
A film on zombies . 
" ` I am sad we have not been afforded the same welcome given to the hostages" Look" HiI had drunk a couple of beers and my fiancee got angry at me . 
  I 'm about to be swept away by of cockroaches ! 
  I sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me . 
" during  You said it . I always count on him when I need his help . 
Scoared a goal in a football match . 
The day I was happiest was the day when I received a phone call from Eve 's to inform me that I had won the prize of the All competition .   I had won this prize when I was an under - graduate when even post graduates had participated .   I had been judged by eminent judges and political scientists . 
" ` You think of everythingThis situation keeps occurring - when my little sister disagrees with me or vice - versa . We have very similar temperaments and I always end up feeling angry at her and myself for fighting so much over unimportant trivial matters . 
" When in a car accident where car was total wipe off ( wipe out  We ’ re in the same boat ! I ’ Ve eaten fast food . I hate it now . 
  You do ? 
  See you . 
" I am thinking about deathIS A GAME CALL IT FACTOR 
  I ... I failed to pass the examination . How I wish I had studied hard . 
  For example ? 
  You are ! 
  Certainly . 
  I 'm sorry to have bothered you . 
My brother in law was dying of cancer . To see him wasting away was very sad . 
When my mother was angry with me over my friends and boyfriend . 
" I just lost my jobMany supporters of Dr exchanged glances of dismay at the words they had just heard . 
" Yes" Not bad . Thank you for your help . I am always busy with this jobThere was a hint of exasperation in his voice . 
When I was convinced that someone had broken into my flat and I woke up and heard sounds that frightened me . 
  Thanks . 
  Yes . 
" I used to stutter a lot in  What are we going to do now ? 
" I had a discussion with my mother concerning my sister 's divorceWhen being made look a fool by the teacher in front of the class during a turn . 
  You forgot it as well . 
did not raise her head from 's shoulder and the resentful words were muffled . 
" I went to the prayer meeting at and unfortunately the car broke down  Right ! 
" remember : if you serve pork and you see one of your friends / family avoid it  But she did and made me disappointed . 
Friend ( male ) hinted that my talking to other men at a pub was immoral . He implied that I should remain only with my boyfriend . 
I passed an exam that I was absolutely certain that I had failed . 
  No . 
Lady followed her example rather than suffer at the hands of her infuriated master . 
" Her expression became dreamy" I 've a situation of responsibility an employee who had a habit of being lateThis things appear to be true but I know for sure its false 
" I have a very close friend who lives in another city and we have been writing to each other for a long time .   The last time I went to her city  Thank you for you help . 
  nothing 
if your heart is filled with faith then you ca nt let go an let # God deal with it ! 
  Yeah . 
  Hope so . 
  My father failed in business . 
Hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ? 
  You are such an expert on it . I do n't know that . 
After the term exams I happened to meet a person that I respect and of whom I think very highly . It was nice that although we see each other rarely he had not forgotten me . 
His thumbs rotated another as they always did when he was agitated and looking for a way to strike . 
  Very much . What time ? 
" Much pressure can overtly or unwittingly be put on grown up children  I 'm sorry . I think we 're out of this skirt in this color . Do you want me to call another one of our store to see if it 's available there ? 
My joy was the joy of meeting again .   My husband came home after having been away for ( for work ) .   I was on the railway station to meet him . 
You told me psychology can help people to be happier . 
At an unjust insult or injure . 
  I 'm in such a need of the job that I ca n't afford any mistakes . 
When I passed my final examination at school . 
  it ca n't be that bad . 
You ignored the fact that we could not hear you at the back . 
" Sure  What do you mean by saying so ? 
When a certain boy went about saying that I am his girlfriend . I wrote him an insulting letter to him and called him names . 
" This sounds really predictable and usual but it was absolutely heart - rending at the time . My lover ( I was ) just rang up and announced that he had found another woman . I never saw him again and it hurt because I was positive that it was \TRUE LOVE\ " " ! ! " " " 
  And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ? 
  Just okay . 
" The mood was despairing" Yeah" Oh" Who can honestly say that they have never been consumed by that intense annoyance" I was at the schoolDeath of my father . 
  Do n't worry . He is an acrobat 。 
" Sorry" Oh" Well  Sure . 
When someone in my family died . 
  Is n't it awful ? I ca n't bear to look at it . I do n't think I can stand this place for . 
  Thanks . Now let 's decide which of these suits looks best for this occasion . 
" I am sorryTheir findings indicate measurable differences between normal and depressed women . 
" I 'm very worried  I hope so . 
My husband and I were invited at the house of our neighbors then we got an invitation on the part of my parents which we had to refuse . A a result they called me by words that provoked my anger . 
" Far from experiencing simple gratitude  Certainly . 
When my little sister was born . 
" i mean for you to hate it" Happy anniversary" took the criticism to heartDoctor turned an exasperated face away and addressed himself to . 
A dark night when I had to go to the outdoor lavatory . 
  See you then . 
Sven 's lugubrious face lit up in a brief smile . 
Saying goodbye to a friend . 
  Dammit ! I asked for sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you . 
" My friend and I had offended our classmate unintentionally .   We wanted to apologize to her so we decided to visit her .   We knew that she was stubborn so we were frightened .   When we rang her door bell  Laptop . 
There are periods when we feel totally inconsolable . 
" AnnA large german shepherd dog ran and barked at me ( he did n't bite fortunately ) . 
"  You ca n't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ? 
  OK . 
Being told that I have not got a personality . 
  I have been working on it for and it 's too late to write another . Just think of all my hard work that goes for nothing . How could I do such a thing ? 
" Yeah  Right . 
Talking with someone I admire a lot . 
  I need to use the Internet . 
The emotion came when a certain boy opened my locker without my knowledge . 
I was very joyful when I heard that I had passed the standard 8 exams . The day I heard the news was the day I celebrated my birthday . 
My friend took me to Civo Stadium to watch and listen to the music of the singer . I had no hope of going there since I had no money so he gave me the money for admission . 
" Hearing that I had been successful in getting a position whereby my financialDo you think they will get married ? 
  Please . 
Watching a horror movie with friends . 
His face darkened with anger . 
@bechouston thanks having me . Great seeing u. Hope u home safe . BED   hanging here  
" I caught a \peeping tom\ " " at my window when I was getting undressed . " " " 
When a class - mate died . 
  Just get out of my face ! 
" I was on a class excursion  I ca n't believe this for it 's been since we got married . 
  His face broke out and he said it was my fault ! 
Made a wonderful driend who understands me . 
  You only say that because you do n't have to work with him . The people in your department seem so capable and nice to be around . Take Mary for example . She ' s smart and enthusiastic . I 've never met anyone as cheery as she is . 
  You ca n't do that ! You ca n't charge me for a mistake that you made ! 
" While tramping on a narrow path of us were confronted by a woman with snarling dogsMade mistakes in exam . 
There was a trace of exasperation in his voice as he said : ` I ' ve told my promoter that I want to fight all those contenders that the people want me to fight . 
  I couldn ’ t agree more . That ’ s an ideal place for a vacation . 
  Good idea . 
" While playing indoor - hockey" She grinnedWhen I dreamt that my family was in trouble and was facing many difficulties . 
" My mother kicked my surrogate father out and he in turn did not care for the dog  Why not ? 
" I made the college entrance examinations for It was what I wanted more . When the list came out I got frustrated . I was n't in . When the list came out without hopes I started to read the newspaper and my name was thre . I was in the bus and felt like crying so that everybody could hear me . The cry was hold"" And while she sounded sympathetic  . 
He was at the graveside looking mournful and interesting . 
Emotional   is less tangible and far more powerful than physical risk . innovate DFMA 
I was given a gift by my sister . There were many pleasant things in this parcel . 
When I was punished in school for no serious mistake of mine . 
Standing in a crowed shop or in a closed room with too much people in it . This gives me a fearful experience . 
" Behind her she heard sayWhen I was accused of having planned my friend 's outing at secondary school ( boarding ) as we were not allowed to go out . 
" t criticize Mario or else I ’ ll start on those fat  Pretty good . There was a bit of turbulence while we were over but it was n't too bad . The worst thing was the guy behind me . He snored all through the night ! 
" He had thus been forced to hide his ignorance  Poor child ! 
Minute shards of glass slashed across 's ecstatic face . 
  Is that so ? 
" Oh" Then we killed her" The day that there was a black - out in the cityI was walking along the beach in a bikini and an awful man came cycling after me .   He was shouting and I ran as fast as my legs could carry me . 
  I 'm not at all convinced . is ! 
Oh man ! I ’ Ve been starving myself for now and I haven ’ t lost an ounce ! 
Due to some reasons my boyfriend and I decided to separate . 
  No problem . 
He felt increasingly irritated and despondent . 
  Let 's say about 6:00 ? 
When my daughter was born . 
The inability to read a book at college . 
" After being away on a holiday forHe felt suddenly happy at being alive . 
" of the Unknown # changesThere is a clear lesson there for a beleagured and a rattled government . 
  Am I failing ? 
" When I pass exams  How about football ? 
" All you ever do is have unhealthy fast food Pizza" I and my cousin went to a film show at night . We went without making it known to my mother . While we were there at interval" ` You look glumWe had to finish the life of our dog . 
" My father used to get so angry at her stubbornness -- not at all like me" Exactly . We play every Saturdays on the field by the tennis courts . If you want to learn and play a littleWe had to take our cat to the vet for mercy killing ( an injection ) . 
" I 'm sorryMeeting an old friend from high school . 
" Yes  I 'll be at your house at about 5:30 . Happy birthday . 
  Even if I was seriously ill you could n't spare a moment . 
  Well . I think I 'm going to fail my chemistry exam . 
" Trance - like he drove down  Just . 
  Umm . I think my water just broke ! Get me to a hospital ! 
" When I did not find the rack used for beating up rugs" Yes" En  When crossing the road you must always pay attention to what 's around you . 
  I wo n't do it again . Please forgive me . 
And then again perhaps 's exasperation stemmed in part from envy of this brilliant young man . 
I was very happy when I discovered that I had passed my year examination and was among the students who would major in economics . 
Sometime back I used to stay with my mum alone then time came when dad joined the family from his working place I found myself having fear for him for no cause at all . 
" I will . You knowLeaving the house myself and a female friend had shared for because of the friendship which developed and our approach to each other in occasional instances of several personal crises . 
He could see no way out and in his anguish he began to think of doing himself in ; the method he would use would have to be quick and simple . 
" After having been ill" After the coming of the man in the night  Yes . 
I had met someone and we became good friends . Our relationship grew closer and now he is my boyfriend . I felt joy when I found out how he felt about me . 
" FineWhen I was told that I had not been successful in getting the job I had been expecting .   I was sure that I was sufficiently qualified . 
When I heard the examination results and when I recovered after having been sick for . 
  Exactly . 
I feel like I 'm missing out on the things I should be doing at this age . I really hope not though . 
That I would do bad in a class and not get into Bus school . 
He looked so crestfallen that Old Bulldog did n't know what to do for . 
" Exhausted and nervous  Why ? 
Thanks . Sometimes talking with a friend is a great way to get over something . Do you mind if I vent a little bit ? 
  I was never told to go to court . 
" ` I do n't ask about your private affairs  Absolutely . 
  I ’ Ve got cousins on my mom ’ s side and cousins on my dad ’ s side . 
  Yes . 
  Um ... no . 
When there was a bomb threat in . This was the time that I felt my life could be in danger . 
" This time  She made another white crack about my clothes . 
  How come ? 
We fear losing that mercy ; we fear losing His protection and his shade from harm .   and 
  But that still sounds expensive . 
  It sure is . 
When I gave birth to a healthy boy . 
  I 'm ready . 
So I was in a great state of elation . 
  It isn ’ t . 
" That wo n't happen againI felt alone among a large number of people .   I was sad to see that nobody cared about what was happening to me . 
" I am very happy" Oh dear  Dark blue . 
" No  What 's the problem ? 
  Ok . 
  I 'm most grateful . Everyone in our class enjoyed it . 
" You know" Oh  I ’ m sorry . I think you are calling the wrong person . My name is not Mr . Bernie . 
  . 
Whenever my father smokes the smell makes me feel very uncomfortable .   He never listens to my complaints and I curse him furiously in my mind .   I can not solve this problem by violence because of traditional moral values .  
" When I received the letter informing that I had been accepted to be a university student" My close friend and I applied to TISS for admissionShe shot him a horrified look . 
  Why not ? 
" I am sorry  It will do . 
  You are being watched ! Be careful ! Be careful ! 
Mr . Rogers ? 
Faith is the voice of God . Fear is the voice of satan . We ca n't listen to voices . To do so makes us double - minded . @thebishop7  
  is a lively . 
" I think i m scared of what the future holdsWhen my father died . 
I felt very sad when I heard that a friend had committed suicide . 
  That 's a great idea . Why do n't you call him . I already talked to him a couple of times and it might be good for him to hear from somebody else . 
" Which leg do you want to have" A quarrel with my mother because I thought she said very unreasonable things about meI received a letter from a distant friend . 
When I made the acquaintance of a certain person . 
  I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . It 's a real letdown . 
When my dress was stolen . 
screw you kinda sad u made twitter .. now i ca nt beak you cause I 'm afraid you 'll read it . # fuck pplonfacebookmaketwitter 
A shop - assistant behaved rather roughly with me though she had n't the slightest grounds for it . 
Do you like flowers ? 
" This occurred when my girlfriend and I have to finish our relationship due to some circumstances between her and her family . I was really sadAt the same time they could become excited about house matches or school matches and take part in such events with earnest aggressiveness . 
@mattmosley : This is the shakiest - point lead in history of college football . ” lol 
  How about tomorrow afternoon ? 
  lean . 
  Did n't I tell you ? It 's over ! 
" Matilda looked right back into the flashing eyes of this infuriated female giant and said with total calmnesssaid his farewells to the players who regarded him as a father figure before heading for home in a devastated man . 
" When I was stopped by plain clothes policemen because the car I was driving had overturned on the .   I had been driving too fast" Come home late more time  Okay . 
  loth . 
  I 'll try . 
  Did you have the room checked before we move in ? 
How do you shoot pool ? 
" My son lives with my parents in the country and I feel this feeling always when leaving for" Thanks for inviting me . Here is the gift for you . Happy birthdayI was very pleased and happy when my older sister came home from living somewhere out of town and I had n't seen her for . We are very close sisters . 
Walking out from the biology building . 
" I 'm so happy . Even though we are both working  I hate dentists . 
" I feel unbelievably happy about the relationship between my boyfriend and meI lost a close friend . 
In a flat in - rough area at home on my own - the flat had been burgled the night before and no way of locking the door . 
` I am delighted that you are so cheerful and optimistic . 
" --- The descendants of Sir are miffed that former prime minister has included discoverer of gravity on her personal coat of arms  Guess ! 
Won a prize for effort . 
  What ? 
My elder sister scolded me in front of my younger sisters and cousins .   She said that I was very lazy and I felt so sad that I cried myself to sleep . 
My best frieend left school recently .   The next day the weather turned bad suddenly and the male class - mates turned off the lights .   I remained on the table and was scared . 
I bought an aquarium which made me much pleasure . I was watching the fish when my father came in and asked me how much I had payed for it . He said he would not pay for the current that it would require . 
When my parents separated temporarily and I was left behind with my father .   As I loved my mother I wanted to go with her . 
Friends who torture animals . 
When my grandmother died . 
" But behind the strained" Do n't believe the liesDeath of a parent . 
" the thing is  He told me that his friend 's car broke down and they had to walk home . 
Does n't apply . 
  Uh huh ... 
" But where have you been  Have n't I asked you to call if you 're going to be home late ? 
  I suppose she 's right . Does she speak very slowly ? 
When of my cat died of a disease . 
He became even more lugubrious . 
It is not uncommon to hear of old women who are cross when asked to perform domestic tasks in residential care ! 
  Sure . 
  Good . I know that you are capable of being an excellent student . 
Not afraid of for I saw and I love less 
" ` You do these ? " " he asked an indignant Auguste . " 
  I ’ Ve just parted with my boyfriend . 
" When I was misleaded by a person who assured that something would not occur" Loads of my friends are miserable over the way they look" But when the lord was off hunting the fox said : " "A friend died of cancer when he was . 
  Sure . 
" Dude  I got robbed ! 
Dotty flushed with annoyance . 
  yes . It seems she can never accept a childless marriage . We had a fight last night . 
Remember that hypnosis is not a party game to be practised by amateurs for the amusement of themselves or others . 
" ` You will not regret itEveryone will be sad at their departure . 
  I see . It 's safer then right ? 
  Yes . 
The birth of my daughter . 
" Let me see ... Sorry" Oh  Of course . 
" @samobyrne Haha` Then why are you looking so glum ? 
" Oh" Do you think so ? Well  Who won ? 
At church camp when I accepted Christ into my life and so did my friend . 
" I had not told my parents about my bad marks in school . One dayExcuse me . Is this seat taken ? 
  What a pity ! I know you 've been longing for it . 
  Sign me up for and . 
  How could I feel easy ? I ’ m really pissed . 
  Who is he ? 
We shall find reason for disquiet about this argument . 
  Why ca n't I call the police now ? He was definitely following me ! 
" But his father was overjoyed to see himHear a very nice joke made by a friend . 
  No problem . 
  Run ! They are thirsty for more ! 
" A friend of mine lent me his apartment for holidays and besides this he was a fine person . I knew that he died tragically in a moto accident . He was very young" He sat looking at the fire with lowered eyelidsClose relative is dying of cancer - found out . 
" not afraid ofSuccessive state elections have seen the governing parties pummelled by a dismayed electorate . 
  Okay . 
My best friend at school told lies about me to a boy I was seeing and went out with him herself . 
" Extremely good . I shot a@mamzelle_liliz oui mais le proctologue porte à confusion chez un certain public ...   :p 
" I had worked very hard during my vacations to raise some money for a few major items ( a radio ) .   but when I arrived at the inter - city bus terminal" Under danger  Which one ? 
` I am obviously very pleased about winning but it was also great that my parents were here . 
" I like traveling for pleasure to get places for vacation for instance . But I don ’ t like traveling to work  I came back to my room and found my suitcase was open and my camera and in cash inside the wallet were gone . 
When I passed the standard board exams . 
He says that he was so mad that he got a knife to scare them . 
When my car suddenly broke down ! 
  Not so well . I 've come down with the flu . 
" my mother suffered from canccer and died within .   We had not finished our studies then and could not bear our responsibilities as her children .   My mother had tried her best to take care of us but she lived in pain these .   Neither the doctor nor we could do anything for her as cancer is incurable .   I was very eager to replace her in suffernig  O - K ... 
" C'm on peopleWhen I saw a person begging . 
Going to a concert . 
" I 've never been to such a dirty restaurant" Do you like traveling" He was a contented man for he had a good wife" We act coolThe insurance cover is designed to protect intermediaries against suits for damages brought by irate customers . 
" I was very angry when my friend lost my practical 's journalSomeone messing up the room we share . 
" I was on holidays"I was in form at the boarding school and my friends and I had gone drinknig beer in the nearby village .   And we were caught red handed there by a form master . 
" A close relative of mine underwent a difficult operationPlease forgive me for rushing into your room forgetting to knock at the door . 
Adam : I was afraid -Gen . 3:10 ~ Abram : Do not be afraid -Gen . ~ : she was afraid - Gen. 18:15 ~ Jacob : I was afraid -Gen . 31:31 
Some members of will be miffed . 
  Sure . Where would you suggest ? 
Having received an offer to do post - graduate work . 
  I can ’ t believe this ! Why are all these things happening to me ! I can ’ t take it anymore ! Let me out of the car ! 
The sight of a man who ran amok ( fighting ) at a dance . 
I put in of hard work and it was neither looked at nor appreciated . 
  What for ? 
" My pleasure Miss . ActuallyI passed the B.A exams in Psychology in which I stood in my class .   Thus I got the prize from the college .   I was most happy to tell all this to my parents and friends . 
  Fine . 
I was scared in the dark when I was a little boy . 
" YeahMy friend started to misunderstand and hurt me . 
  But she means a lot to me . 
A close friend of the family died . 
Death of grandfather ( unexpected ) . 
" I 'm sorry  Thank you . 
On the T.V I saw a news feature on .   A policeman       attacked a group of black people with a whip . 
  Great . I got to try so many things for the time . 
says anxious parents should view it . 
When we rearranged furniture in our flat and got stuck in a chair . 
" The day the results of the university entrance exam was publishedWhen I got a wedding ring of diamond from the boy I loved . 
I was with my family and we found some abandoned puppies .   I wanted to help them but everyone said no .   We then left . 
" A small" Oh" Yeah" Looking anything but delighted at the prospect" But the also voiced disquiet about the way picketing was handled by police" Oh" When I was told by the doctor" School . Since I was working part timeWhen my little sister was sick at home and I thought that she would die . 
He collapsed in a coma at a club and died in hospital from massive internal bleeding   in front of his devastated mum and dad . 
" White  We should plan to move out of here before . I 'm tired of living in apartments . 
  What ? 
How may I help you ? 
" I wanted something in particular and did not get it  They did . 
" So sorryStranded in the north of with a submerged WD hire vehicle . 
"  What 's up ? 
I have finals and oral presentation and I 'm not ready for any of them ! 
Getting a part - time job . 
  Let me ask the old woman in that reception office . 
I had always assumed that this sort of civilized dismay at barbarism was the monopoly of our cause . 
Going to see a good film with my best friend . 
  exactly . 
" Attitude to some manners of dealing and some \sanctioned\ " " relations . " " " 
The anger in her voice took him aback . 
  Even the roller coasters that go through tunnels in the dark ? 
  I got it . 
Someone stole my ski at and of course I was the one to be blamed . I left them without supervision . 
" When I got to know that the friend I am closest to got engagedI like someone who does not like me and was rude to me . 
  Sound like everything is great . 
" A good friend deceived me . Because of that little quarrel our relationship finished" That ’ s a good idea . You should do the same with some music . You might find something you like . Classical music might make you clever" You must have been heartbroken . " " " 
  Of course it does . Everybody has his own hobby . 
" That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from to ! Because of the huge time differenceNor was the thought that he alone might hold the key to the mystery the sole component in his strangely elated state . 
" my humble prediction all day ...   hope I 'm wrong either wayWhen I heard that my nephew had passed away . 
papers are due on . They are returned on . I was afraid to go to class and get my paper because I knew it was bad . 
Getting into this university to do medicine . 
  All right . 
"" John" On my birthday" A honest \sliding\ " " on the part of a girlfriend of mine . Terribly crossed I started breaking things and tearing books . " " " 
Lost my girl - friend . 
I 'll get my result of high school . 
I really became sad when mother passed away while I was very young . 
Realizing that a friend had been talked into signing a certain contract . 
When I got the scholarship I was very happy as the finacial burden of the family was reduced . 
  Many ! 
Now she was mad with grief . 
" When I was a childWhen my niece was born . 
" I was working at a certain place and everyday after work dad would come to pick me up .   he did not come" ListenAfter I saw my family and good friends back after staying in a foreign country . 
Feeling unable to preserve one 's ideas and ambitions as innocent as they are when you are young . 
  Thank you for the dance . 
When I am made to do things in which I see no sense and I waste my time . Some time ago I had to participate in a sociological investigation and then I got really angry . 
meilleurs restent à venir ! 
When I got the compound through column . 
" If so" @goldenblades91 @BerticusMaximus it is exciting . exceptShe felt guilty when she sensed 's deep sadness . 
` After each Test there was never any great sense of elation but rather that a step towards the ultimate goal was taken . 
When my daughter had problems with her friends and I could see her predicament from the window .   She was given a the cold shoulder . 
  So he had the boxes wrapped in plastic . 
" It 'll be very loud and you might get frightened . " " " 
  Oh no . 
I felt this feeling when one day my landlord 's cat had crept under my bed and I could n't cope with it during . 
" Yes  What is it ? Maybe I can help . 
" I was alone at home and I could hear odd noises coming from above our bedroom .   I knew that nobody lived there since it was an office .   I got frightened ( later I was given a \natural\ " " explanation ) . " " " 
  I have no reason to distrust him . He 's never caused any harm . 
When a drunkard barged into a room where my friend and I had run in order to get away from him .   We were all alone and all I could see was this hand coming towards me . 
I have a very big family . At my grandmother 's funeral we all met and everybody pretended mourning . In reality it was like a fashion - show : everybody wanted to show himself . 
" Well" oh  I did n't make the soccer team . 
  Yes . I will . 
  OK . 
's voice was quiet and he ignored his son 's mounting horror . 
Waking up from a bad dream in a dark night with noone else around . 
" Well" When I was driving home after   of hard work" Not succeeding in a cross - country skiing competitionShould I ask Sara to the party ? 
I helped someone to do something and was found out . 
" Make it work  Jake just broke up with me . 
" sat shaking his head" ` I think everyone is very pleased they ' ve changed their minds" I am not especially good at" When my elder brotherWhen I sit for examinations . 
" I am really sorry too  Thanks so much . 
" The door bell does n't work  I feel confused about the grammars . 
And -- though the heartbreak of her troubled marriage still haunts her -- she raised a grin as Prince waved from their car in . 
" My grandfather was seriously ill" Football was a very big deal at my high schoolAssaulted by drunken neighbour . 
" He was now a very effective reader of his own work -- his theatrical instincts were here most valuable andTaxi ! Taxi ! 
I felt that she was quite distressed by the birth -- she seemed drowsy and a bit blue . 
" We were all sad it was over " " . " 
" @Caro2050 I feel greatI could not do the questions on my math midterm . 
Someone told me that I was chosen for lectures because the class leader is going out with me ( not true ) . 
  Certainly . 
The day I left my girlfriend . 
is a thorough drag ! 
I felt anger against a colleague of mine during a rehearsal in acting . He had n't learnt the text of an opera act in the course of and thus making difficulties for the rest of my colleagues . 
  Why ? 
" ` I made the campWhen I came to the university I did not know the kind of people I would find here and the kind of behaviour they would have towards me . 
" When my grandmotherI cared for went back to to live . 
When my sister was born . 
Who is it ? 
I experienced this feeling when the doctors found a nodule in one of my mother 's breasts . It turned out to be an occlusion resulting from continious sucking but for I was not in my reason . 
  Are you sure there are no more open classes ? 
" Yes" OhWhen I was sitting in a car next to a man who was masturbating . 
When I told off a computer teacher who did not want to teach me beacause of prejudice . 
  It certainly did n't arrive here that way . 
She stared until it was hard to know which was herself -- the disconsolate woman in the chill room or the other sorrowful face in the night outside . 
horrified look told him that had already sunk to her pasterns . 
Our relationship does seem to be improving but obviously I ' m worried that we now seem to be paying more than we expected . 
" Her cheeks were already aglow from a combination of the heat and the exhilaration of being the centre of attention" OhI felt sad at having to leave my girlfriend after constant problems and failed attempts at reconciliation .   My sadness was caused by the irreversibility of the decision . 
" The highlight of the whole tournament -- almost irrespective of their performance on the field -- will be emergence from the woods  I guess so . 
When I had my children . 
And you feel anxious about getting the lot of seeds sown out of doors . 
" Yes" When 's father was interviewed he said he felt angry with for having taken the tablets" My mother told me that I could not go to the mountains .   Despite my ageDuring my last exam . 
" My brother told me that a person ( whom I know ) had insulted him .   I am very fond of my brother" While still at school a friend died of cancer" I am a sportwoman as well . I felt joy when after of practiceTaking a trip to crocokile country I fell out of the boat and was motivated by fear of being eaten to perform great swimming feats . 
  You 'd better take some medicine and have a good rest . I hope you 'll be yourself pretty soon . 
Insulted by teacher . 
The boy 's horror at 's campaign had turned into a more adult and less ferocious criticism . 
" On a recent visit to a day centre  I beg your pardon ? 
" I do n't think so . In some marriages break up" When I was concentrating on my work" When I heard \I like you ! \ " " from my boyfriend . " " " 
Seeing relations from overseas after . 
  What a pity ! I missed it again . 
Birth of children . 
I went to visit a friend in hospital .   He was going to be operated .   I was afraid that they would not let me in and I did not know what his reaction would be on seeing me . 
"  . 
While dancing in a restaurant . 
" Oh" When someone I trusted very muchDiscussing with a certain person about a job I was getting and that perosn was negative and pessimistic . 
  A lot of things . There is a part about how old people should accept being old and stop feeling restless . You really should read it . 
  Won ’ t you get lonely ? 
" Thank you" OhWhen my uncle died of leukemia at . 
  I did a B . A . in economics . Remember ? 
When I was admitted to a Language school . On when I was informed by a message and my parents congratulated me . 
  Big head ! 
" When my father did not get back from Chipata on time" When I had to walk over kms through a field which had wild bulls"  That makes a lot of sense . Does the TV work well ? 
" ` Everyone seemed very pleased with the arrangements had made" When I was able to buy my new car" HiWhen my mother kept me in leading - strings . 
Once while walking along a hill ; I fell down out of carelessness and I broke my left arm . 
" When I am accused of something I have not done  Of course . 
  You too . 
  Excuse me ? 
  Very nice . 
FOR now I have been trying to contain excitement at the thought of the compact disc . 
" As he nodded she went onFinally being asked by someone to a banquet . 
The nurse sent to accompany tried hard to melt into the background as the overjoyed family spent opening presents under the tree . 
" Yes" A friend of mine came to visit and stayed with my roommate and me . My roommate and she became good friends . After she leftI was angry when I watched a ski - race . All the skiers dropped out . 
" But I ended up with finding out lady that night  What kind of music do you like ? 
I slept in a tent at the which caught fire at night and my best possessions got burnt in there . 
For the time in my life telling someone I loved them . 
  . My biggest fear is needles . I ca n't stand getting a shot .  
  Maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced . 
  Good luck ! 
The weather is very bad ( fog and slipperiness ) the newcast reports many traffic accidents and my boyfriend is driving home and still has to go . 
` I am horrified that somebody would do such a thing . 
" When I get something that seemed very hard like getting a job  Titanic . 
  I think someone is stalking me . 
When a friend of mine was trying to make a fool out of me . 
When I was at school . 
" He treats everyone pretty badlyI was really angry when the President general of was arrested by policemen . 
  . 
" A holiday at a white sand deserted beach . A cool near and we had a fire in the sand - toasted marshmellows" HiThis leads to highly agitated motions and correspondingly high temperatures . 
  Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me ! 
  Not on your life ! I know I 'd break my leg 
When some friends betrayed my friendship . 
" Me" On the way back from with a friend on a small yatchOn I was filled with when I was told by my bosses that I had been selected to attend a course at in . 
  The s not the problem - Your Attention 2 fearful possibilities s the attracting force . Stop quick -Cheryl Janecky # loa anxiety 
I was in the library of medical psychology and walked into the wrong direction . A man who came out of a room threated me very denigrating and I became very angry in a resisting manner . 
" During lecturesat I did n't know what to expect ) . 
" I 'm happy to hear that  I sure did ! 
  At . What about you ? 
In the aftermath of the war the government was said to be concerned over 's increasingly prominent international role . 
" When there was a possibility of getting on better in professional life . I valorized very much this aspect . People showed me this possibility" Unless they are given opportunities to express their grief in appropriate ways which can include weeping for lossI do n't like sharing my feelings I m scared you 'll run if I admit something . 
  I just remembered that I 've got to give a speech in class and I forgot to prepare for it . 
" i should clarify : we 're winning the * game * of terror  Is it gon na hurt ? 
  addiction ? checking emails and text messages often can be called an addiction ? no way ! 
" of when your phone starts falling towards your face" really told me off when she found out that I had forgotten all about it . We did try to phone you" AWhen my girlfriend of told me it was all over . 
I thought him a good friend but he tried to lie to me several times . Last time was the height of impudence . He promised he would come home but he did n't . I felt a sense of anger and insult . 
I was very scared when I went to the examination hall for my M.Sc examination as I had studied a limited partion of the course thoroughly and I was in great doubt whether that would be asked . 
" the heartbroken teenager" In college" I like the pier too  But she did and made me disappointed . 
" My grandmother diedthe heartstopping moment where you think you 've pulled out your headphones in the silent library . 
" He wandered around in a state of utter dejectionWhen I received some good news : I obtained an amount of money I needed to buy something I had been planning to buy . 
  Do n't brother me ! 
  Why ? 
" His anguished voice tailed off" ScientistsWhen I met a good friend of mine after a long time . 
When burglars with guns forced themselves into my house and ordered me to give them money or face death . 
When I found out that a person I went to school with had died in a car accident . 
  See you . 
" Shackel became indignant and said he would fetch a magistrate and complain about the Chief Constable 's attitude" was incensed  I hope so . 
When my father died . 
I was told that I had passed the statistics exam .   I had not expected this so I was very happy . 
  It 's Snow . 
" was reduced in but many members have expressed great annoyance that another scheme within the netted former members of the staff in  Yes . I have my wallet stolen . 
When someone does not listen to me after having asked me to repeat what I said . This happened time with the same person . 
" was still downcast about the loss of her jobI got a job right after school was over . 
My girl - friend left me . 
" OK  and then ? 
  Maybe . I 'll have to ask my mother . 
"  Certainly . 
When my sister took my things without having asked for my permission first . 
" She was on her feet taking his hand" Yes . My bike has under the seat . Get it  I do n't know . I failed my exam . 
is nothing else than perverted # faith . Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to # believe . 
When I passed the examination that I had to repeat . 
" The staunchly pro - monarchist said chairman  I thought they had already agreed to everything . That ’ s going to take to rework . 
" Skiing down a very icy slopeIt seems that anxious people condition most easily and it is thought that irrational fears are established in this way . 
I was petrified of having the same thing as my mother did . 
" Yes" AndBeing made to look like a fool by a girl . 
Not being accepted by classmates in university . 
  But you should have told me you were in love with her . 
  I can smell smoke ! 
My elder brother had been expelled from college and he was so frustated that he attempted suicide - he drank bottle fragments .   I was very sad when I learnt this . 
  That is a bank . The coffee shop is opposite the bank . 
Before of my final exams of - natural sciences . 
Mr Brown was livid at the way in precious foreign reserves was poured down the drain during the sterling fiasco a fortnight ago . 
When I was beaten up by thieves on behalf of some friends of mine as they thought that I had a lot of money and would not part with a few coins for their drinks . 
So we 're delighted to bring our conference to support our members in . 
when I got acquaintances with a person whom I trusted infinitely and from whom I expected help and friendly feelings . With him I found much in common - in our views and in our fate . 
  Yes . 
  I ’ m sorry to hear about that . 
  He asked me to beef up in the work . 
What upsets you ? 
" ` We do n't go to" But mum  Absolutely unbelievable ! You people should be ashamed of yourselves . 
  You dance beautifully too . 
When I heard that my had passed away in a road traffic accident . 
  What note ? 
We 're having party . Do you want to come ? 
" When I think of death - not my own but that of my parentsWhen I was told that I had passed the exams . 
  I 'll try . I 'm under a lot of pressure right now . 
I am sorry to say this but I seem to have lost the key to the safe . 
When I was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends . 
  Hi Joe . 
" When I understood that my marriage was falling apartThames Valley Police are known to be furious about the case . 
That morning I was so ecstatic about my triumph in seducing the dog - owner 's daughter that I 'd completely forgotten about 's big decision . 
" I went to see a movie and I went with a friend" In the student 's union there was someone who took the photocopies of large volumes .   I asked him to let me take a few  Me too . 
" I was angry at my brother over an argument we had together .   We do have a few fights from time to time" Unfair and unjust attitude toward a person close to meBeing mistreated by other people . 
" When you kill yourself with work and see the number of slakers wandering aroundWhen my grandmother died . 
is back at it Factor 
  We are all very proud of you . 
When I heard that there is teasing and bulling at . 
I felt joy when I heard over the radio that I had been successful in my Primary School Leaving Certificate Examination and was selected for . 
When I was selected to start Form I at Malosa Secondary school . 
  I am feeling awesome . 
  That 's all right . 
" When I checked my examination paper and realized that I had been carelessI felt angry when my friend told me that I had stolen her money . 
I was alone in a cottage I often stay in .   I was woken up by a rustling sound in the middle of the night . 
" My father will be angry with me if you leave early ! " " " 
I 'm in the most painful situation in definition of : damned if I do and damned if I do n't life # love what is # therightthing 
  It ’ s true . 
When friends try to put me down or hurt me .  
  Hmm ... 
" And I love trying new recipesThere 's a mysterious ticking noise somewhere by my bed .   not the   puppet pals kind . scared 
  Why ? 
" When I was doing research  Evening . 
" They were cross with each other because of himWhy is @lcduve touching kitten and me so much ? What is happening ? 
" To some extentThanks for helping me move into my new house . 
back I had a very important seminar and I had circulated my papers to all the panel members .   before the seminar I realized that I had inadvertantly burdened certain        derivations and I had failed to correct it .   I feared that this     would reflect very badly on my performance .   Fortunately none of   the panel members detected it and I felt relieved . 
I felt it when a girl who was dear to me lied to my face . I got angry with the fact that she knew I did n't believe her but she kept on telling lies . 
  Why not ? 
" On embarking on University life . I came from a different city and did not know anybody at the Uni . I was frightened because my well known and loved friends" Typically" Gleeful opposition leaders and - sceptics said the 's handling of had descended into ` shambles " " . " 
  A really dreadful accident and many people were killed . 
" Little was agitated" When I was in a situation which seemed hopeless for meYour prejudice against psychology students and education students ( not allowing us to go to the medical university lectures ) . 
Car accident in . 
" If you ask me" She was still mad at for something  Are your free ? 
When I was talking to HIM at a party for the time in a long while and a friend came and interrupted us and HE left . 
After my father died suddenly of a heart attack . 
  What about the other class ? 
" When a boy" And everybody gets very excited  of what ? 
" Where are you going to work then" My peers did n't want me to meet someone during rush for fear that I would give her a bad outlook on our house . I should n't have seen thisYou ready ? 
I 'm about to eat for the time in . 
  About 4 . 
" When I got through the examination for my driver licence  Of course there is . The top - level coaches there are from . 
Can I help you ? 
" One dayA friend 's mother died . 
  My house was robbed and the thieves stole all my furniture . 
" oh  Perfect . So you can audition here at my house . 
They must be mad that they should expect such a delicate business as his preparation of to be speeded up as though it was a crude operation on a factory bench . 
when I worked during the Summer holidays and studied at the same time for an examination I had to repeat ; my boyfriend went to for . 
I wanted to be a violinist -- that was my real ambition -- but I was too anxious to really get to grips with the instrument . 
When I crashed my car . 
Who 's that old lady trimming the trees ? 
My friend and I were to attend a very important meeting and he had promised to come and pick me up .   But he did not turn up and I felt very angry at him . 
When I was in a car with my parents and friends and we had to back up ( reverse ) pass a river which when I recall it ( I was only about 5 yrs ) seemed we were going to fall in and drown . 
" When my aunt  Fixed . 
  Around 3 pm . 
" and  You know you did n't . 
  Nothing really . 
op school bezig met fm aan ! zeker vet haha 
I tried to show pleasure at their decision and at the same time annoyance that our contract simply would n't permit it . 
  I 'm sorry . I 'll ask next time . 
Except when he gets cross with us sometimes . 
The juniors in our dormitory at school started to complain and make a lot of noise about the duties assigned to them by the prefect who was my class - mate and was very cool and dull . 
Saw in cheating in the Olympic games . 
Lennox has always truly wanted to fight for the world title and was happy taking the tough route . 
  What is it ? 
There may be cases where there is parliamentary disquiet over a ministerial proposal and then the minister has a change of mind . 
" Imagine my excitementWhen the lady who is now my wife accepted my proposal to be my lover and future wife . 
  Yes ? 
  Mumm . no . 
" In the army  My boyfriend says I work too much . That I spend more time with you than with him . 
When I came to know that my feelings for someone were not reciprocated . 
  From . 
  is like the red headed male   step - child of who ai n't come out the closet and got a black sheep for a pet . 
Interpersonal arguments and difficulties were also a more common feature of the experiences of depressed patients than of the comparison group . 
I bet that I would jump down from a window . I was sure that I would jump but before I did it I rather felt fear . 
" No  It 's a pleasure . Come on . I 'm on your side . 
Could you talk to me for about my grades ? 
His face was livid and bloody . 
When my family allowed me to do higher studies . 
  About 6 . 
My girlfriend dumped me . 
I spent a lovely relaxing evening with my boyfriend . We played games and talked . 
When my son omits to carry out certain duties at home that he knows needs doing . 
" Normally such a happy  Do you work in ? 
" I will  It 's a pity . I 'm afraid that 's too loud for me . Thank you . 
" Let me see" This also happened when I was very small .   I was beaten up by my   mother for no fault of mine" ` I thought perhaps you were still mad at me . " " " 
  That 's just wrong ! why do n't you just quit ? 
" Gosh  It 's the new neighbor . I hate her guts . 
  What 's the big deal ? It 's just a picture of some woman . 
I noticed with amusement that the tapestries hanging there illustrated the deadly sins . 
I hate to disappoint anyone but that was n't the case -- although the veiled hints caused us plenty of amusement . 
smh wus wrong wit niggas a   that   to another   does it out of in my eyes smh lot of niggas lie to me 
  I failed my oral test . 
" Unofficially I was informed about my results of the final examination of the secondary school . A teacher wrote them up for me . When I went outside  it sounds like any job will be better than the one you have now ! 
" After my shoulder operationlarge crowds of manic football fans and mascots 
" In the Commons" Oh  what ? 
Housesitting and hearing the alarm go off . I knew someone had to be breaking in . I called the police and was panicking while on the phone . It was awful . It turns out that I stepped on the hidden alarm without prior knowledge of its existance . 
" I understood that this was my mother 's wedding" Yeah" ` must be worried how easily we did get through" What is the correct timeWhen our religion teacher presented shocking sectarian thoughts and doom 's day as official teaching . 
" After the operation  bien ! Sentences poems habeas en espanol ! 
Facing a mad dog . 
" I had to have my tonsils out . I had been making up my mind almost for a year - I was afraid . But during in the hospital roomThe of loving or atleast allowing yourself to fall for a person who you know prolly wo n't fall for you yet it feels so ryt ! ! ! ☹ ☺ 
" that ’ s pretty much how you feel about your step - mother . Like grandmotherI remember that when my mother died was sad and every time I think of it I am saddened by the loss of my mother . 
"  Yes . 
The animal seemed to take a perverse delight in terrorizing him . 
" Good  Okay . 
Railway station good - bye . 
When an old schoolfriend phoned me to arrange an appointment to talk about old memories . I had n't seen him for . 
" When my mother went through an operationWinning a game after a long time of losing . 
When my grandfather died . 
I felt afraid of losing somebody I love to another person because I was an incomprehensive person and lots of time I fight with this person . 
Having a fight with a class mate . 
holiday - I had been working weekends and had just left . 
When I was little I lost control of my bike and started to go into a buay intersection but my neighbor stopped me just in time . 
My sister was in coma for ( due to a train accident ) . Now her brainfunctions are disturbed . She will never be able to walk and she can hardly talk . 
  Good bye ! 
" As you would expect  Because I like the feeling of cooperating with others . 
  I am feeling outstanding . 
A friend had promised me to give me a lift to . To be sure I called her before we went . She told me that she had just promised another person to give him a lift . 
At the begining of a new course one is afraid of encountering problems one can not manage .   Thoughts revolve around failing the subject and the consequences it would have for the future . 
" And had spent under the roof with herMy father stayed abroad for . He does not like to write letters because he makes ortographic mistakes . I never had a good relation to him . He wrote me a letter in which he said that he loved me . 
  It does n't work . It looks like it 's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there . 
" A teacher wanted to instill a certain opinion and a certain behaviour into myself  Poor Femi . 's death must have made her realize that she still cared for him . 
" At a restaurant I observed how the gypsies tried to get money by cheating the foreigners i.e non speaking .   My anger had nothing to do with hatred against foreigners" ` I ' m not ashamed of it" I was coming home in a taxi with a fellow worker of mine .   He was criticizing my earlier conduct towards himWhen I thought for an instant that a very good relationship with a person had finished . 
" When female classmates and I were having lunch" When I came back from workMr Jones exploded in anger . 
  Perhaps you are right . But I still need some time to recover from the failure . 
  No . 
When I understood that I was admitted to the University . 
I find myself sprinting but it does nt hurt as much on my hamstring no more ... is leaving 
could nonetheless tell by his anxious face that something was wrong . 
When the week for Exams came . I got afraid as to how I would tackle the questions . 
Now it makes me sad to think of them growing up .  
" Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That 's the time ! Hey SamuelI achieved someting that I had been wanting for a long time . 
" Www" When the grandmother of my friend died in a hospital . My friend was crying and I was sad  It 's on . 
" OhThe boy was broken hearted and inconsolable . 
In me battled a flood of relief at being reprieved and anger at such vile deception . 
" I agree" She was particularly concerned whenThe day I heard that I passed the high school exam . 
" Every time they got near him  Fine ! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup ! 
  How much ? 
I have made up my mind . I am getting a tattoo . 
" Some people simply were miffed by the red tape in applying for victim identification cards to qualify for the"" No  Not really . Very few people get married beforethe age of . 
My boy - friend an I seperated on his initiative . 
Before an oral examination - which I did not take eventually . 
" This ref needs glasses . Hey refmy father was very ill . He stayed at a hospital for a long time . Then I experienced that terrible feeling that I might lose him . 
" Lissa gazed up at him" party in the country" Yes  He is fine . 
Lecturers being unfair to me in reports . 
A teacher at my former secondary school forced my darling to marry him .   The girl tried to refuse but her parents would not leave her alone . 
When I am out in the dark and a suspicious looking character comes towards me . 
When I could study at university . 
My sister had promised to help me to do a translation from into . But the day I needed her she told me that she was busy - I was very angry . 
" I worked for in a factory  do you have a car ? 
When the bus driver failed to stop and pick me up at a bus stop . 
" I did n't do well in last exams . If my father knows it  Not at all . The feedback from audience has been great . I care about what they think more than what the critics think . 
  That won ’ t be a problem . 
  Pardon ? 
" ok" When I saw my sister at home after having waited for her all night" On" OhWhen my father was ill and was waiting for the results of his tests . 
  that 's what friends are for . 
The death of Jaya Prakash Narayan caused a great deal of sadness as I believed that he was the only true and a ray of hope on the horizon . 
" My sister gave birth to twinsWhen I am alone and listen to a song which I like very much and which I had listened before together with friends . 
" I ’ d love toWhen I knew I had to go out with my mother on some errands . 
" At the pre - university  How do you like this waltz ? 
I was a prefect at secondary school .   On the sports day I told others that I would take down the names of the people who misbehaved and after some time I sat down for a brief rest .   Suddenly the head prefect came and scolded me in front of others .   I was very angry as there were other prefects sitting and he picked on me .   I thought that a brief rest was not   serious enough to be blamed . 
" At" a friend of mine bid me good - bye before going abroad .   I felt happy for her as she was achieving something by making the tripI lead a rather secure life .   The only thing I can remember is a song from which is against alcohol .   Both the melody and the word ( although naive ) effected my emotions . 
When the results came out and I obtained a division .   I had been thinking that I had not done very well . 
" Woo"" No" Tolonen nodded  That 's too bad . I need to discuss these plans with him . 
` It 's actually made me quite nervous about being in . 
@_AndreasHuebner : is nothing else than perverted # faith . Your ability to fear is a proof of your ability to # believe . 
" I was asked to stop studying economics" C'm on  It 's a new concert hall and the acoustics are great . 
  Is he ok ? 
" Just hold me ... I ’ ll always be here for you" When I was in one of my good friends was getting married and he had not informed me about it" When I missed my train" Residential workers are faced with youngsters who are not only anxious and resentful about family events  Oh yeah ? 
  Did n't I ? 
" For a moment she felt anger at his unfeeling attitude" When a friend of mine discussed with meWhen I failed an exam I thought I would pass . 
" But the address underlines the anguish of Her 's speech after the Windsor Castle fire when she referred to as her ` annus horribilis " " . " 
" But seriously" I was the compere at a party and all my efforts to get the show rolling were thwarted by the immobileIn a discussion the leader wanted to stop because she was of the opinion that we were not involved and she misjudged our reactions as negative . We however only posed several questions which she could n't answer . 
" At a party in which I met an interesting female . We enjoyed eachothers companyI was not chosen for the All English class . 
  I am feeling very positive . 
Where 's ? 
" My paternal grandmother had died . We were n't close but she was blood . I did n't cry but I was sad" During the funeral of my grandmotherAt rejection / being ignored by a loved person held in great esteem . 
When I got to know that I had passed the university entrance exam .   I thought that I had done of the exams badly . 
You 'd better prepare for the examination . 
" My flatmate was asking questions about my relationship with my boyfriend" I was coming home from a relative 's place and it was   I felt slightly apprehensive when I got off the bus and started walking towards my place .   I was confident that nothing would happen to me" As a child  What if someone got it in their head to give them a tug ? What then ? 
When my grandmother died . 
When I and the person mentioned above had a suspicion of pregnancy . 
" It ’ s very simple . Men shake hands  My grandmother just passed away . 
A friend forgot his appointment with me . 
When my friend did not pass the high school graduation examinations . 
When I was accepted at university . 
  Why does n't he ask her ? 
" When I was an adoption agent" thank you  Do ya ? 
  Ok . I 'll call you . 
" For you 've protected the seed" I told my boy friend not to park in a certain place because the car would ger towed away - he did n't listen and it was towed away . At that stage  Why didn ’ t you just answer my question directly ? Why would answer questions this way ? I simply asked if you did it or not . It ’ s a very simple question . And often give the reason before they would give a direct answer . 
I felt sad with the situations I described before . The cat and the school . Sadness was intermingled with the other feelings . 
Brother took my money to use for his own purposes . 
When my boyfriend last told me he loved me after I gave him an impulsive kiss . 
" On of our visits we found a representative of stranded there  But they are n't very fashionable . What about these ? 
" Suppressing her annoyance at being called "" While taking a short cut through the Vasa park  Why ? 
" ` Robots  Yes . 
When I took university exams and made a lot of mistakes in the exam .   I was afraid of failing and thus being unable to go to the school of medicine . 
"I was at home alone and my mother had asked me to heat the house . I put too much fuel into the stove . It began to glow and there was a noise in the whole house as if it was going to explode . 
The observers exchanged amused glances and then wandered away under the trees . 
  I got laid off . 
grief at the foot of the division continues as they went down one at . 
" The cat has eaten my fish  Poor girl ! 
  How much ? 
  She 's . 
" When I went for a picnic in" I saw the world without any borders in my   I was flying under the sun above the trees" At the same time" For the loss of a close friend or relative  Did n't I ? 
A wave of cheerful elation swept over her as she separated her pound note from 's fivers . 
  Exactly . 
" He saw once in the  See you . 
" NoHow are you ? 
" At my foster grandmother died" Sometimes when I go to work my crazy boss ( a hyper lawyer ) insists I do things his way ( filing" I had made an error in planning a programme and had publicly accepted the mistake" In order to be admitted to my final examination  Terrible . 
is knowing what not to fear . - Plato   
We must not give in to the   must face those things we the most ... 
" This is the end  Heads . 
" IMy father wo n't be so pleased with me as if I was elected . 
I ' m very depressed and have tried to commit suicide several times . 
I got separated from the man I loved . 
When I got division in the exams before leaving school . 
" not only our sales brake a record@YesIamQuESt would it offend you if when I listen to otFailure ( the song ) I 'm thinking about girls ? 
  What is hand touch and flag football ? 
" It 's easy . If you do exercise everyday  I ’ d be afraid to jump from that height ! 
I had an important amount of money with me and felt fear of being assaulted . 
  My manager jumped on me for my mistake . 
" He says that must survive because it has proved itself a lifeline for of frightened" Having agreed to share the taxi expenses" Now it was who drew back andSomeone spread rumours about me . 
At primary school the teacher caught me cheating during a dictation . 
  Once in a while . 
? ! ! Bang ! What are the doing at o ’ clock on morning ? 
I know I ’ m going to bite the dust going down this hill . I almost got killed on the chair lift ! This is going to be so embarrassing . 
  Get out of it ! It was n't as good as you think . 
Follow me on for official results and coverage 
But some of the younger dons were ecstatic about the election . 
When I see how people around me pass by certain unjustice because of indifference or cowardice . 
" She became happier" ` I ' m so happy you could make it" A man kept a seat taken by putting his coat on it after a while the chair was still emptyI was in love with a very beautiful girl and when I went back for my holidays I found her wth another guy who she said was just a friend .   Later I found them together and was convinced that there was something fishy . 
I had a very pleasant conversation with of my friends . 
  No regrets ? 
  That will be great . 
  It 's us . 
  It 's not a cut . It 's a gash ! It 's bigger than a cut ! Ah ! I need a doctor . 
" It so happened that while staying at anaunt 's place I discovered that I was afraid of sleeping in pitch darkness .   The room which my sister and I were sharing had no light" A girl whom I trusted and with whom I had shared personal" Startled  Yeah . 
" Yes  No problem . 
  No . 
  Thank you . 
" Sorry" I do not know what I could imagine  . 
  What for ? 
A smile of amusement played on his lips as he studied his unkempt prize . 
" OhOnce I spent with a friend at the secondary school . We told each other horror stories and suddenly we heard uncanny noises . I was terribly frightened . 
When I was informed that I had been accepted as a student of Psychology . 
When I met my girlfriend again in another town after a long separation . 
I went to a fair where a guy who was drunk kept bothering me and in the end I got really angry . 
" Well  The situation differs in person . 
  They arrested me without probable cause . 
  Really ? 
  Sure . 
" But some women do shake hands . And now a lot of children have such good manners  I know ! But it 's really important to her ! Her whole life could be ruined by this man ! 
  Good . 
When I had crossed forest I heard that there was a rabid hyena just near the path in the forest . 
  No way . I will be scared out of my wits . 
" When I arranged our holiday in" Boyfriend \chatting up\ " " another girl . " " " 
" The RSPCA says they will now try different tactics  I hope so . 
When I married my wife and took her home for the time . 
  You are always like this . I 've told you many times not to tell her . 
" I ’ m glad . We have things hereLOVE LOVE LOVE Da Onli Thing I 
  That 's the style ! You just wear boxers . 
It 's hard when you something you have to do ! Just because you do n't feel like you 're ready ... Am I ready to # ? ? ? 
  Fun for you ! Do you get to do anything you want ? 
" You should change your attitude" Watching an old lady running up the street to catch her bus and miss it  How many chances should I give you ? I 've given up on you ! 
  Laptop . 
I would like to register for a class . 
" When holiday started" Found out that the girl I love loves me  I like baseball and basketball . 
" OK" I went to the school library and asked for a bookThe Cloud just asked me lotza personal questions re : myself . Been avoiding upgrades awhile due 2this   CylonTakeover # fb 
This caused a good deal of consternation and dismay in . 
And 's stubborn and pain - ridden performance as makes you sad for her and hate her at the same time . 
" They caught a suspicious individual" lay rigid in his arms" I was alone at homeOf course I like them ; if I did n't I 'd be utterly miserable . 
  My bad.sorry ! 
  Bye ! 
" When my friend  Do you have an online edition of that magazine ? 
My uncle died - I felt sad at the funeral . 
  That ’ s so unfair ! 
When my girlfriend decided to finish our relation . 
  Really ? 
  Where did you learn it ? 
At my wedding - standing with the man I love and acknowledging that fact to members of family and friends . 
" When my husband lied to me" Travellers might get used to jet - lag in the sense that they learn to live with it" He considered this thoughtfullyCountry and Western is suitable for calming an agitated animal 
" Cool downMumm . Those burgers smell great . It 's perfect day for a barbecue . 
Doing unexpectedly well in an exam . 
  Yeah ? 
Many beef farmers in my constituency of are deeply anxious about the impact of the proposals . 
I can wait to see the return of factor . My wife however is not 
A person I trusted a lot gave me many false explanations to justify a wrong action . 
" When I travelled all the way to my former school to collect my certificateF.E.A.R. = False Evidence Appearing Real   
The average adult spends of their life suffering from a hangover that is @KellyMcQuaid4 and @lisa_shanley ha ha ! ! 
Neither he nor Peter can conceal excitement at being back in the limelight again . 
  Waiter ! 
She 's miserable that it all has to end . 
  I 'm studying medicine . 
I hate trucks . I hate truckers . Omg . I hate trucks . 
" WellWhen my boyfriend and I went out for a dinner and subsequently went to his family . We had . 
" Thank you  Yeah ? 
" The warden and his wife" When a manMy got my mathematics test 's marks and could not believe that it was true .   In the past I would have marks .   Was I getting weaker at studies ?   This made me feel that I should not expect too much from going to the university . 
" He took all my thingsSlept in a chapel and in the middle of the night I realized that there was someeone else in the chapel .   I never discovered who it was and why he was there . 
My delight at everything I saw was beyond bounds   gardens were allotted my sister and self   there was the canal to fish in   a pony to ride   besides animals of different kinds 
  Great . I have also been thinking of getting one . Do you think you could ask to have a quiet word with ? My birthday is not that far away . 
  What for ? 
" In a sociology class I felt very angry towards some members of society for exploiting the people" Good  I fell down and hurt my arm . 
  Whoa . 
I had gone on a vacation and my mother left home without leaving me any thing - money to come back to school . 
" I was at home" No" Clearly miffed at the failure of their resolutionWhen seeing a friend that I had not seen in a long while . 
" A king not universally popular  Are you sure you 're finished ? 
When the time came for me to see dead bodies and to operate on them . 
" We are saddened to learn that for some people" ... for remember" Even as he spokeWhen I was pointed out as a problem child in primary school and my mother took the teacher 's point of view . 
I felt sad when my father was sick . 
" Have we become so depressed about any real prospect of newness that we ' ve decided to enjoy our chains  I ’ m so happy for the family ! They must be very relieved and excited about that . 
is torn between her sisterly love and her annoyance with 's aggressive insecurity . 
of our candles are in this colour to represent our sorrow for our failure to love in so many parts of our lives . 
  It 's a brick ! I ca n't believe how stupid I was . Damn it ! 
I was sad to hear that my brother had a motorbike accident . 
  It 's my girlfriend . I guess she 's playing the army game . 
When I come home late at . 
When my beloved grandfather died . 
My relationship with a boyfriend was finished and I did n't succeed a - course . 
  Sure . 
  And now ? 
There is a mad boy in our village . This boy hit me with a raw paw - paw in the face . 
" HiThe situation in which I felt happiest in my life was when I was with the person I love for the time . 
" When I was younger I was very good in apparatus gymnastics . I always won in competitionsWinning a rowing race at a regatta . With other friends . 
  I will . 
I got a very good grade on of my midterms . 
" At felt indignant withWhen my grandfathers died and I realized how much I would miss them . 
  For whom ? 
" yeah  I 've been having a hard time sleeping lately . 
Not included on questionnaire . 
When I was admitted to . 
  It 's us . 
This was when I found out that a cousin of mine had taken away my trousers without my consent . 
My mother carried on using mental pressure concerning something which was serious and a real burden to me . 
When my elder brother died . 
" Well  I am not sure . We will ask for directions in the coffee shop . 
He gave a little grunt of exasperation . 
When I attended the concert of a pop singer . 
I quarrelled with my younger sister because I had said something against her boyfriend .   Consequently she looked through me when she saw me as she thought that I was trying to separate them .   She had misunderstood me . 
" cold" I have a girlfriendGoing out alone in the dark . 
" I do n't use to lie to my parets about what I do" As a matter of factRachel and her mother looked agitated . 
  . 
Deceived by other people and ran into trouble . 
  Certainly . 
  There is no need to be so frustrated . 
  cool . 
The emotion came when I misbehaved at school and the threatened me that I was going to be expelled . 
  All right . 
We went to visit my mother at the residence .   She was crying and said that she was about to die .   I believed all her complaints and continously thought of the possibility of loosing her . 
Upon reading a story on a serial killer by the name of who has been given the distinction of killing more people that any other man . I began to wonder if I should take more care for my safety . 
" Oh" I 'm sorry  we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink . Then we will visit . 
  By how ? 
" Sitting in a bus  This is a pity ! 
When I won some coins in a small competion . 
" I had decided to propose to the man I liked to make a trip together .    Thanks . 
" When my former boyfriend and I reconciled and he decided that I was very important to him . I had always wanted us to get back together again" She was patient" a very dear person said : \I hate " " . Of course it was an impulse and this person did n't feel that about me . The person expressed regret  I am feeling very dissapointed . 
  I am dissapointed 
  I am not feeling well tbh 
  Can I get the black ball in ? 
I was walking to my car at night and thought that I was being followed . 
" WellThe jeweller was overjoyed ; he began spending heavily . 
  I just do n't trust you any more . 
I was angry when I had not been granted a leave out pass during . 
  I am glad we 've straightened everything out . 
  . 
" " " . They had a programme on the starving refugees . Their plight was a source of sadness for me . " " " 
" The Government have expressed their horror at such attacks on the police" The rebels --- who want the government to recognize them as a legitimate force of change --- were miffed that the bill referred them in vague termstheir are spies everywhere but the fruits are so big and the land have giants ... but the lord told you to take the land but you have 
" OhWhen I finished I was overjoyed . I felt relieved because it was due and I was tired of looking at it . 
When I was accused of something I had not done . 
  I know . 
  But I doubt myself . 
I worked at a lawyer 's office during and I got a very good reference from him . 
" Trying to hide her enormous delight in his return` But other people became very sad and worried . 
" After an exhausting day I came home and wanted to take a bath to relax . My father wanted to take a bath and when he had finished after" I felt much anger and perhaps I feel it till nowI ' m getting vexed . 
" Libel lawyers are nervous of the word " " lie " " because it implies that a person said something which he knew was untrue . " 
  So many ? 
During I received grade cards from my TA 's . I expected a B no better in Computer Science . I looked at the card - I got an A - I was ecstatic . 
" In he began libel proceedings in the against the government after had expressed " " deep disquiet " " over his treatment by the government [ see p. ] . " 
Edward concealed his dismay . 
  I 'm sorry . 
  Fair enough . Give it to me straight . Did she bully you into this ? 
She was agitated ; there were a few tears . 
  We do n't . 
" The awakened will gives rise to fear of God" The note said was concerned there might be ` similar undetected shenanigans " " in other occupational pension schemes . " 
" That day I was alone at home after coming home from school .   I did not know where everyone else had gone  Why ? 
" She cackled and slapped her knees  Who knows ! That might come to later . 
From a starving stray it was transformed into a contented house cat . 
  bye ! 
judges cheating . 
The elation of witnessing birth may be followed by a sense of disorientation at being a displaced person . 
" Then" That 's true  ’ t be better . And you ? 
" When I dream of anything terrifying I used to have fear for the rest of that the dream might come true e.g.My roommate was rude to me . 
" When my brothers were being cruel to my boyfriend" Lily broke up with me . In fact" I work for a journal . Once the lay - out came to nothingHe got quite angry at the impossibility of having given any such instructions . 
  I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu . 
When the relationship with my girlfriend broke up and I realized it too late . 
  Photograph . 
  Congratulations ! What 's your normal handicap ? 
" To be honestMeeting with of my friends I had not seen for . They were special people to me . 
  I think someone is stalking me . 
  She 's . 
" When I passed standard exams I jumped" we" tickets  Merry Christmas to you ! 
"My friend misunderstood me . 
Losing a boyfriend for the time to my friend . He fell in love with her . The same thing happened with another boyfriend . 
I felt very frightened when a robber broke into our house and threatened to shoot my father if he did not part with some money .   I was looking at the man with his hand on the trigger . 
" Uh" I had a dream : I had a very close friend who had several stone houses in the New Territories ( villages ) but they did not have much furniture .   He took me to see his fields ( I had never seen them before ) and there were several inches of clear water on which the sunshine was reflected .   I wanted to sit among the short green plants in the fields but was afraid of treading the plants to death .   My friend said will not die\ " " and I sat down happily and my trousers did not get wet . " " " 
Walking along with a dog barking at you and following you . 
" An incident occurred to me when I was going home with my girlfriend . On the way  You think it 's funny . I 'm terrified . 
  Yes . I ca n't find my sweater . I have my laundry sent to you but when the washing is done . I find my swatter missing . 
Had a letter from my father ( usually he does not write to me ) . 
" But you have had lily already ? You should have told me about her  Yes . 
" I was annoyed when a person higher up asked me why a particular job was not doneWhen they put the blame on me when I scored the goal at the match . 
" When I used to go to my chief asking about any doubt about the job and he did n't care" When I saw an accidentA dear friend was removed from the division whre I work . 
  Good idea . 
  Positive 。 
I am concerned about my son . 
  I am not feeling well 
  No joke ! 
When a little brother of mine damaged a cassette . 
" When I was ringing up a guy who was my teen idol" Being a spokesman for the union" the ones that are my age are close relatives . Now that I ’ m olderWhen my brother was selected to ( the ) . I was very excited and I rejoiced due to of our family members qualifying for University level at long last . 
" YeahMy father recently having a heart attack - spending in hospital . 
  It 's my pleasure to talk with you . 
  So what 's the problem ? 
" Captain was a musical comedy aficionadoMy annoyance at missing the fish turns to relief when I realise I am not snagged in the roots . 
" I had been separated from my girlfriend for .   On her birthday I put a present in her mailbox .   I had spent choosing a suitable present for her .   I waited for and there was no reply from her ; at last I received a thank - you card in my mailbox .   On the card there was only my nameWhen I learned that my parents were going abroad and leaving me alone for . 
That was really a nightmare ! 
  My parents . 
" I arranged with a friend to go skating . He asked me to wake him up by telephone at because we had come home . I called him - he was not at home . As something like that had happened to me several times before" Yes" Ohaway game at ! ! wish our V. Boys and Girls luck if you see them in :) letsgocanes 
Do n't let to rob your prayer life of the # power it is supposed to have .   NoFearHere 
" To my mindSometimes I experience sadness for and for my unrealized dreams in the sport . Anyway there I spent of my life . 
Since I moved into the dorms and I 've been spending most of my free time with my boyfriend . I hardly see my old high school friends . I had several bad incidents with my past best friends . 
I have a fobic anxiety for elevators . This anxiety is worst at the moment when the doors have to open . I have it often in the elevator at our university . 
  . Something that could calm your mind . 
" After going through much shame" On my birthday" ` If you do n't help meWatched a horror movie which involved sexual attacks on women . 
" OhI laughed -- I did n't feel offended . 
" At a lack of love of my father for my mum" You know that scary realization you are not going to make it until your next paycheck ? Yeah" I felt anger at my last exam" His voice was tetchyWhen I go out alone at . 
  That ’ s great ! Do you have any plans ? 
I do n't understand why some parents keep beefing and complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit . 
  Which guy ? 
" When I knew that they would not give me a transfer from university to another .   I began to insult the educatioon authorities and the government" Nice to meet youWhen my aunt died . 
  I will do . 
  I see . 
" What does stand out is that everyone believes that the professionclucked his tongue with mild exasperation . 
" For exampleI was driving and stopped at a stop light . I was planning to make a right turn as soon as it was clear . It was clear on the left so I started but a man was just in front of the car . 
  . 
Reading a horror story alone . 
  No wonder he asked for my address - he just wants to harass me ! 
  Bread . 
Heard some ghost - like noise at night . 
  Yeah . 
" When I passed my driving test" After studying a lot for my H.S.C examsAs I was in a ward one man died and I was instructed to watch the last offices . But this was my time to see a dead person - fear came . 
" Rock became aware that the thrillingThinking that I had been seen smoking at school by a teacher - waiting to be summoned to the headmaster 's office . 
" Oh  I had high hopes for . 
" Yes" I recommend you ride a bike instead of commuting by bus . It may offer you many benefits .The time I went to the entrance exam to V.S.P. and did n't get approved . 
" The mood by this time may be more depressed" Anger I felt when my boyfriend told me he did n't mind breaking it off with me" When I talk to silly  Yes ... 
  OK . Then I 'll be expecting you . 
I felt it at the same time when I felt disgust . 
  It 's very nice . 
" Hi" Very badlyWhen I broke the window pane of my next door neighbour 's house . 
I had been drinking with a pal and I later ( 1 o ' clock ) had a date   with my fiancee .   We were going to a lesson and I was afraid that she would smell that I had been drinking . 
  Me what ? 
Found out that my grandmother might have been misdiagnosed as a psychiatric patient because the doctor did not know about neurologism . 
  Yeah . 
I hear that you 've been to for . Did you enjoy it ? 
  Thank you . 
  Yes . 
When I was accepted into the medical school .   Medicine is a profession that I have desired ever since my childhood . 
  Why ? 
" Cycling in the spring sunshine gives me such delight .   is to be healthy" As in sadness ( A )The Lord will   you from all evil ; he will   your Life & Psalm 121:7 God is a   walk no evil for YOU are being # Kept ! 
" A patient in an anxious state is more likely to bump into" The remaining men were just preparing to leave when suddenly a young man called rushed into the malthouseFear of the turn that the examination paper would take as I lacked confidence . 
When my sister left home to go and live with her husband . 
" To me that puts us in a difficult position when tryingA tailor ran away with my skirt . 
  I suppose . What can they do ? I do n't even know who he is . 
  I ask you to pass through life at my side - to be my self and best earthly companion . 
" Oh" My sister and I were fighting as usual . She 's older tham I am" Moving to an unknown placeMy husband suddenly fell ill seriously and during the medical examinations we did not know what would follow . 
" When mother was very illFear of punishment for having broken an item of value to my parents . 
" A close acquaintance of the family died of lung cancer .   Although it was expected  Thanks for reminding me . She 's the right person to help me . 
I was afraid when I learnt that my father was seriously ill in hospital . 
  What ? 
" Oh  I 'm tired of your cut - and - dried opinions . Who do you think you are ! 
  Now I know that something bad is up ! 
  I am feeling upset 
  Shall we keep pur friendship ? 
" Yeah  Where ? 
When I was coming back home alone at . 
" I feel a certain strange surging thru my soul ....." The poor frightened girl packed her things and ran outWhen I recently got a very positive answer from a clinic telling me that they would willingly assist and collect data for me for a clinical pilot study . 
" I wandered by mistake into the safety zone of a shooting range" When going out in the weekend I have to bike through lonely and dark poldersFear of doing well on a midterm . 
" When I got home from a pleasant trip abroad" My mother left my father for his best friend" When it suddenly appeared that our dog was dangerously ill and probably would die . We had not expected this because he was always very healthy . Fortunately he survived because weHello ! 
Her grief at his death was deep and sincere . 
  Bye ! 
" When my grandfather died  And it 's a brick ? 
When I heard what mark I had got at the entrance examination and I realized my admittance to the was almost certain . 
I ’ m itching for moving ! 
But experts at are alarmed . 
  It 's really very easy saying you 're sorry . 
" Well" At which pointI was suddenly infuriated at the thought of what we had believed about the in . 
  Um ? 
" When I was going home for my holiday" Sorry  Some time . We have n't set the date yet . 
I was peeved to see credited with inventing the egg trick in a recent colour supp . profile . 
" Feeling desolateI visited a special education school . The headmaster applied a policy of strict positive - negative reinforcement to the children involved . Children who measured up to his standards were made a fuss of - children who did n't were ignored . 
When I was walking on a fairly out - of - the - way street . 
  Yes . 
" in the  I 'm sorry . I forget all about it . 
" My parents thought that I did n't do my best to pass the final examination ( secondary school ) . When I achieved a good grade they said nothing@mcstroup I think my fear of squirrels came from seeing as a child ... a squirrel attacks a woman in it 
My younger brother and I had been fighting over . He kept on turning it on and off and was not listening to my authority and was being cheeky . We fought and I ended up in tears - he 'd won . 
` I was so pleased she lived until just after was born . 
" Gina glared across the table at him" I last really felt sad when I left home for I was leaving all my long time  Why ? 
" When a friendWhen I qualified for form 
" Yes" When my grandfather diedis a creative block to our body 's natural flow of instincts and # intuition that are often not cultivated in the Western mind . 
" Once  I 've never given a speech in front of a thousand people before . 
  I 'm sorry . I did n't reconfirm in time and they gave away of the seats . 
  Something like listening to music is a good idea . 
" Oh" There is evidence ! You know Edwin Hubble ? He ’ s the guy who in was the scientist to measure the drift of matter in the universe" You have your library card" Bye" All in all" I heard friends grumbling at me in an adjoining room" One day" I am a school teacher .   of the classes does not obey me at allWhen I passed my form exams . 
" Oh  I am upset 
Its funny how we take to dress up in costumes and celebrate 
When I lost my grandmother .   She had been my guardian after the death of my father . 
" I 'm very sorrywas not ready yet to share 's excitement . 
" We are several friends but our characters are very different and we inevitably split in the extremes . It is sad that I myself do n't know what to do  Here it is . 
At a prolonged separation with my family . 
  It depends . 
  I ... I ... 
  About what ? 
  & you ? 
" On a boat trip toFruit and vegetable growers in the area are furious about the decision . 
  Thanks a lot . 
When my boyfriend left me . I tried not to let him understand I felt miserable . 
" He is so anxious about being accepted that he is trying to be extra good and even perfect . " " " 
  Thanks . 
  I 'll try ; it 's hard ! 
" After a one year 's stay abroadA disconsolate group of climbers sitting round a kitchen table all lean forward and peer out at the iron - grey clouds rumbling past . 
  It 's nice to hear that anyway . 
  So ? 
  What for ? 
When I passed the B.A exams with class results . 
  Pardon ? 
  For what ? 
" ThanksIn wives were still bitterly resentful of the fact that their husbands did not seem to realise that they needed leisure . 
" On my birthday I passed the driving - test . I was glad because I had had to study very much  Exactly . 
  Maybe . 
About the car ( sadness ) I felt anger the way I acted after negotiating it . 
" Sure  Why ? 
I had worries about a certain illness . 
" It is her whole situation -- she is so mournful and silently accusing and sometimesI felt very happy when I heard I had passed the examination to move up to course . 
Waiting for the start of from . The return of # will be a great night ! 
  No problem . 
" When my uncle gave me my first year 's results .   I opened the envelope and my eyes ran into \B+\ " " - in andI remembered that had said something about a pendant and Topaz being quite excited about it . 
" ` Why ? " " sighed  Thank you . 
" YesI was drawn up a statement for an infringement of the traffic ordinance . In fact I was innocent . 
sighed with exasperation . 
  Which room are you in ? 
  This one ? 
  Good . 
I had a girlfriend who lived several kilometers away from my home . One day she wrote me that she 'd visit me . On her way she had a car accident and was badly injured . I was very sorry to see her lying in a bed in the hospital . 
When I won a position on the track - team for the trans - tasman games when I was eleven . 
When a person that I like very much got near to me . 
Quite a few of my classmates had done their speeches and I was getting really nervous as the day for my turn drew closer and closer . 
  You do ? 
was having great difficulty in controlling his amusement . 
I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact . 
  I don ’ t think it makes sense . is such a short time . 
When of my children were critically ill with measles . 
  Quiet everybody ! 
He was concerned that to include the large countries in such a scheme would introduce problems that the small nations could find difficult to resolve . 
When my aunt passed away in . 
" You 're right" I 've lost my 's Cheques" @avilalipsett1 this will be my Christmas on twitter" When I learnt that I had to repeat  Good . I 'm starving . 
" I was jogging in the forestBeing alone at night . 
My son lives in the country . I feel sadness when I see mothers having walks with their children . 
  Um . 
  But I do n't think it 's so nice . 
My grandfather had lung - cancer and was being nursed at home .   I felt fear when I was alone with him and he almost choked on mucus secretions . 
" In the pictures of  I wish the store close to us was open - house a day . 
  I ’ m not in the mood . 
" after I argued with my parents I went home again and they could n't have been nicer . As soon as I walked in" I was even more infuriated to read that their short separation was a ` tragedy " " . " 
my girlfriend suggested that we separate .   This really gave me a shock as I had never thought that she would say such things .   The reason she gave me was that we were not suited for each other . 
  I doubt if I can pass it . 
" After having watched a crime show on the TVThe fear of the   is the beginning of wisdom ... doing His will connotes His 
" When my car froze" When the bank let me borrow some moneyWhen I was a child I hid under the sheets out of fear of darkness . 
" Climbing a mountain where the rocks were very loose . When we realized the dangerA classmate damaged ma iron and tried to hide the damage . 
" I saw the old guard - man I knew  Yes . 
" To 's intense annoyanceMy boyfriend told me that I had very high demands towards him . In my opinion this was wrong . 
" I did n't do anything . FinallyI have done the teachers training course ( B.Ed ) .   During our training I was asked to handle the standard class in a boys school .   I was scared to face the class . 
  Not really . 
was a little nervous about having her hair coloured so used the non - permanent . 
Before a hospital visit prior to a under anasthesia for an expected miscarriage . 
" refused to pay my wife the due maternity benefitI wrote an Exam and happened to have not done as well as I thought I would . I was angry to myself for not having done so well . 
  Again ! 
When my rights to use a shared house had been usurped by co - owners out of pure selfishness . 
  Yes . 
" weeps as he tells how he had to tell his daughter : ` is n't coming back " " . " 
  Thanks ! 
" Receiving a postcard form my sweetheart who was abroad on vacation" Her voice shook's parents are pleased that their efforts may prevent other children dying from the side effects of steroid treatment . 
I was very scared at the time of the Ty . B.Sc examination as I had decided to get class results .   I was afraid thinking of how the papers would be . 
I was angry when my abilities of a singer were underestimated . 
" Genghis Khan" ` Forgive me  See you . 
I am so worried about this contest . I have butterflies in my stomach now ! 
I was a bit frightened when it was found that there was something wrong with my liver . However it turned out that it was not serious and I need not worry . 
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail ! 
Some noisy guests arrived at the hotel .   I had been slightly irritated earlier .   At night when I was trying to sleep they were having a party so I went and yelled at them .   I wanted to sleep as I had to get up . 
" Despite moments of despondency" No  I pressed the emergency button ! And then I stayed in the elevator waiting for the rescue . 
The time when someone let the air out of the tyres of my cycle . 
  I am sorry . 
The King was bluntly informing him that he was ill pleased at the lack of progress was making . 
" My father suddenly fell ill . He stayed for in the hospital : on intensive care of  I ’ m fine . But I have bad news . 
" Thank you so much  What ? 
" To her delight he even took to discussing his work with her" One day" During an informal talk with a friend when we talk about the life of another person  You are right . Our company ’ s party has always been an amazing occasion for everybody to relax and get to know each other better . It is also a time to make new friends and do some networking . 
When I was accused of having refused to do some hostel work while I was at school .   Actually I had not been allocated any work . 
just texted a higher - ranking officer than I and asked if it would be okay for me to replace him ...   
THE Banishing Gripes campaign highlighted the public 's annoyance with for the inconvenience caused by digging up roads . 
" When my girlfriend left me to go out with another guyHello 
  I do . 
" His heartbroken mum  It sounds too bad . What will you do ? 
" felt more than flustered  She ’ s . 
" I received bad news - my grand - uncle had passed away .   I felt lonely and bad because apart from the          biological ties  You ca n't prick the fish to please the sick tastes of some bloody people . 
When I heard that my father had passed away . 
" During the exam period I studied in the library alone .   A close    friend of mine" I don ’ t feel sick  Walk ? 
" On a mountain tour" There must be another reason why you are so sadFearing the use of power or reprimands when I belong to the minority . 
When I was at the end - of - term party and had fun - was happy and sang and drank only soft drinks .   It is possible to have a good time without alcohol . 
When colliding with my car . I myself was to blame . 
  Fine . 
" My friend got married and went abroad  So what ? 
  For What ? 
Mitchum was furious when he heard that . 
  Forget it ! It was a bitter pill for me to swallow . 
Thinking about friends overseas . 
  I hope so . 
" ` Right now I ' m feeling very excited . " " " 
  I am very upset 
When my chief accused me of an error that I had n't made . 
  Room . 
The passengers looked horrified . 
  OK . 
When I thought that I had failed the examination . 
  It 's . 
" InsteadI had gone camping with my old classmates and there was a storm .   We were in a flurry but at that time I felt the love and concern of my friends . 
Overhear people talking about me and saying that I am stupid . 
I most joyous moment was the day I got my marks .   I was very happy when I came to know about my marks at the M.Sc ( part I ) examination where I got .   This was the highest marks I have ever scored in my life . 
  Possibly . 
  OK . 
" AfterwardsI was working late on of when an excited Dr Laurent rushed into my office . 
  But I always feel disappointed . I have many problems with learning . 
@RyanSchellShock They 'll ? Jeez I thought I was only being sent one I 'm either the luckiest or unluckiest guy ever 
I felt sadness when my grandfather died . 
" Equally inevitably" Ok  Yes . 
" No" Oh no ! A bear ! Run" I 'm leaving nowWhen my wife gave birth to a baby boy - my only son to date . 
  We 're happy together now . We both think that we 're a well - matched couple . 
When I was in F4 I played a basket - ball match against another school 's team .   of their team members kicked a team - mate of mine so I kicked him back and we had a fight with each other . 
" I 'm sorry" After I had made my debut at againstStopped at lights in late one on way home from work . Alone in car when someone came up behind the car and started banging and shaking it . Light was red and had nowhere to go until light changed . When green I took off . 
It seems that you get antsy when you hear I praise another guy . 
  Not only that ! 
" In a tram" I had been working for and my wrists ached from the continuous chopping  I want justice . 
" ` Then you can do so -- at the barbecueI ca n't remember being truly angry . Usually it 's just disappointment that I feel . situation would be with my brother . He and I used to be close but now he seems to be avoiding me . 
Saw a snake unexpectedly . 
  I ca n't . I am really behind of my work . 
Towards wife 's laziness in not performing her usual duties because of television watching . 
  A physics class about the creation of the universe ? That ’ s some pretty unscientific language there . Sounds more religious to me . 
  Yes . 
" I was living in rooms in a very lonely  Nine ... but I 'll be ten on . When is your birthday ? 
he wants be bacc ! butt . . . ion kno mann ! 
" And though" He ’ s my grandfather" Do n't worryI went to see friends in - two girls with whom I get along very well . 
  I apologize for their tardiness . 
And the overjoyed youngster was swept off her feet by her favourite royal . 
  Yes . I am very glad to have the chance . 
" I do n't know what to doend of life symptoms / not eating sleeping alot / is 's life ending ?       
" The holidays come to an end" No  I see . OK . 
" Yes" She Women share on of technology . Fear of not being able to find / trust sone to help . Impact : limit potentialCaused a family disturbance . 
" His glance slid over to them" He sifted" ok  I will ! I could use some good luck ! 
Imagine my horror at seeing her step out followed by a man ! 
" It ’ s a prediction of your" When at very short notice I agreed to work in place of a friend who was sickChildren that do n't talk are scary when sick . What 's this rash now ? And was that what the nightlong crying was about ?   help 
I was moving in the graveyard at and was griped by fear because I was told that ghosts detain people moving there at night . 
was momentarily crestfallen before saying : ` I still think it 's an office you need to find . 
  That 's perfect . I will definitely do well . 
" Yes . My bike has under the seat . Get itWhen boyfriend could not stand up to his mother or for himself . 
When I quarrel with my husband . He did n't even try to cool me out . 
" Oh"" I was in a hopeless situation in a dirty place . No study  I ca n't work out this problem . 
  You think ? 
" I broke my knee when I was skiing over \Yastrebetz\ " " ( a racing track in a winter resort ) . " " " 
" Wow sounds interesting ! Excuse me if I am being a bit nosy butGetting a good mark for a subject I had worked hard at but expected only a moderate mark . 
Dolores felt glum at the sight 
" it was also a proud day for me" Look at this headlineI work at a petrol station . When there is a foreigner who wants petrol my collegues treat him very impolite . 
" I might have felt a little downcast at that point  Let the universe find us instead of forcing love . We prefer natural love . The most important thing is to be happy . Love will find us later . That is what we say . 
  Oh yes ! Sorry ! Then we drive to the motorway . 
When I failed the entrance exam to IMEC . 
When I was selected to this university despite my having studyied in difficulty throughout my secondary school days . 
" That 's right"Producers must believe in their ability and not succumb to despondency . 
What is profound might become absolutely meaningless 
When someone stole my bike . 
" Oh" My day was n't that good ... " 
" I do n't know . I saw him the time . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking  Exactly . That ' s the worst part . 
" For" suffering from a of failure ? what is the worst case scenario ? If it is not that bad  Where is our camera ? Let 's see if we can catch this on film ! 
When close relatives tried to dissuade me from studying Psychology because of its low status . 
  Bye . 
Walking alone in the dark in a strange street . 
remember this we took your land thanks so much day that we 're winning the war on terror by an AMAZING margin but keep your up people 
" Serious sinking in" Well  I usually go in my free time on the weekends . How about you ? 
" He looked awayExcuse me . 
" One day" He was court martialled but to the anger of the unpopular Governor  I would like to return this book . 
At job I got less money than was due to me and nobody mentioned anything about that . 
  I knew this would happen some day ... 
Going home alone through the forest after a girl guide ( scout ? ) meeting . 
  This is it ? 
Never Shadows . They Simply Mean There Is A Light Shining Somewhere Nearby ...   Life # Quote 
" desire  Do you know that I fell in love with you at the sight . 
  was my choice . 
  Not much . I 've got enough city life in . 
" I borrowed a car which was supposed to be used for a long journey" When I was a childI was very sad when I heard that my brother had failed the standard 8 exams for the time . 
" It 's your turn" OhFinding out that I am not an as able student as I thought . 
" I have grown up to be distrustful of menWinning a close volleyball game . ( I 'm on the intercollegiate team at ) 
On meeting an old friend of mine . 
  I surely know that . Do n't forget that I am a regular customer here . 
My grandmother died . 
When I learned that of my friends had had a serious car accident . 
  I think I 'm too clumsy . I can do nothing well . 
When I nearly drowned in icy water wearing ice skates .   It was difficult to get out . 
They are sad for because he can never truly be a member of this particular family . 
and # faith have equivalent power . The moves you backward and the moves you forward . # Choose 
Then she felt horror and pity at seeing Marcus so confused and so evidently useless . 
" I do n't care if you 're offended" When I passed the B.A exams with class .   I was the in the family to have got a 1st classWhen my last relation broke up . 
  Yes ? 
" My babe is ; think my crying earlier  I think you have chicken pox ! You are contagious ! Get away ! Don ’ t breathe on me ! 
  Maybe . 
" Oh  Okay . 
She was heartbroken to hear the voice of . 
This happened when one of my uncles died just whan I was planning to go and visit him during . 
I had been caught red - handed having stolen some paw - paw . I was then taken the elders owning the paw - paws . 
" Fear overwhelmed me when right against the car I was in I saw another oneWhen I got a good grade for an exam in statistics . 
" Out on with a group of peopleI found myself a place after looking for for a long time . 
" During in university I had bad results in both the termsI was not prepared for the exam but I wanted to sleep before the exam . 
" When I was complimented and called " " . " " " 
" When I talked with a teacher yesterday whoWhen my girlfriend became pregnant . 
Lives praises the good grief of 
" The last time I felt sad and disappointed was when I did not do as well as I had hoped in of the final exams .   As compared with the earlier examsA vexed expression crossed 's pretty face . 
" SorryI did not feel very well and I wanted to talk to somebody . A friend invited me for dinner and I was very glad . 
  Never mind . I 'll be waiting for you . 
Ca n't remember exact example . 
" In our elation there was some suspicion that our experience had been secretDid badly in an exam . 
  . 
" I 'm no better than them . They say it 's mindless to sit in front of a machine all the timeI got more and more depressed . 
When I heard that my step - mother had treated my mother in a wrong manner . 
Torres ' Entrance strikes fear into the supporters behind the net . of being hit . 
" YesA good report card ( a scholarship ) in primary school . 
When my father was saved from a severe work accident . 
" When cleaning up a pile of junk under our houseI did it ! I conquered nerves and . THANK YOU SO MUCH @solzahran for learning the song # . lol appreciate it :) 
" They are . And not only that the people are friendlyI received a grade above average on a midterm ( chemistry ) and I expected on every below average . 
" What ? She was cheating on me with that ugly guy . Oh  Thank you . 
  I did that . 
I went out dancing and found my boyfriend kissing another girl . 
  Yes . 
" I was to meet one of my friends ( girl ) at the library at already dark . She would be walking alone . She was late but I kept waiting  . Yours ? 
  Then ... 
" When I met my boyfriend and we discovered that we shared the same ideals and goals in life" my best friend died in an accident" Sorry  Do n't worry about it . I keep forgetting everyone 's birthdays as well . 
When an earlier friend was spreading negative rumours about me . 
" When a person whom I loved and admired a lot died .   I felt emptyWhen my boyfriend came back after being away for . 
  I see . 
" I was very sad   when I got the XIIth standard resultsThe day I got married was the happiest day of my life .   Both of us felt that we were right for each other in every way and we had no doubts about our compatibility right from we got engaged . 
  What for ? 
I am a teacher in arts and crafts ( boys from ) . for them it is obligatory and they dislike it . They tease me . When of them cut up some material I flared up . 
" When they phoned me from to tell me that I could go there" ` It 's absolute nonsenseWhen I read about 's tactical decision concerning the boycott . 
I ate a burrito the size of my arm earlier and now i am weathering the calm before the storm 
" Without another word" Oh  What kind of house is it ? 
back someone invited me to be the tutor of her grand - daughter .   The grand - daughter asked me some questions in mathematics so I taught her .   However she did not listen to me and this made me feel unhappy .   it was the same .   When I entered university the girl 's parents suggested that I be employed as their daughters tutor .   They told me that at university   there was no homework and I would have a lot of time so they made a time - table   for me which required me to be the tutor a week .   They did not respect me and anyway I had another child to teach . 
When someone tried to bewitch me and my friends at . 
When I was finally qualified for my profession . 
" Okay thenMaking art and viewing art are different at their core !   
I met again a very good friend after and realized that there had grown a certain distance between us . 
He also incurred the anger of the apothecaries who were afraid of being put out of business if all their complex mixtures were swept away . 
" ` Did you have a good day at the office ? " " she askedWhen my cousin passed away . 
  Do n't be cross !  
time in anatomy . 
Bus conductor insulted me for not buying a ticket ( I forgot ) . 
" Sorrywhen I was camping with friends they devised and elaborate plan to scare me by having our camp attcked by a wild animal ( of them ) and then convincing the campground was the home of a satanic organization . 
" My day was good ! " 
Relatives visiting me . 
When I was a Sr . in . of the class counselors died of hepatitis . She was very sensitive . She knew my shyness and drew me out to improve myself image . I missed her funeral - so I could not publically grieve . My parents did n't understand . 
Finding out that we can not have good references because is poor . 
" I want to change rooms . In factWhen my mother and father were on an excursion in and I was at a student camp and I heard over the radio about the events that were taking place there . 
" very close friend - for a long stay overseasTo live your   in the of losing it is to lose the point of life . ” — 
" My mother and I had an argument over buying some clothes for me .   She did not accept the fact that I did not like the same things as herWhen I was chased by a big dog near my house . 
When my mother treats me as a boy . 
Boy ! What a beauty ! I fall in love with her at the sight . 
" Sorry" He listened soberly and with growing dismay to what the young bank officer from had to say" Receiving close friends form abroad" Oh  See you . 
I had planned to go to town with my friend at but she went for the registration and I waited for a good 1 and a 1/2 hours .   It was vital for me to go to town but I could not as it was she who had the money .   Finally I borrowed some money from friends and we went to town .   I was really angry with my friend . 
  Yes . 
  I guess so . 
" When I was very young and we moved as a family to fromThe assistant looked alarmed . 
  Great . I look forward to meeting you . 
" Gioella 's eyes flashed with amusement as she pushed a chair towards her and said" I was travelling from to .   I had booked a seat back and I had also got a telegram confirming this .   HoweverI 'm going to try sky diving . 
At home when they lost pieces of my puzzle . 
  how so ? 
  I 'm afraid that 's the best we can do . 
Once I was alone at home . I suddenly felt unwell and there was no one to help me and call First Aid . 
" Hi" NeverthelessA close acquaintance cried for me . I felt happy because somebody cared . 
When I came home late one day . I was afraid I would be shouted at by my parents . 
" I was visiting my parents in law when the house was invaded by strange men  ports . 
  I see . 
A workmate and I had been antagonistic with each other for - he had reacted violently to my criticisms of his work standards . 
  Yeah ! 
I received an unexpected letter from a friend I had met a short time before .   He sent me a poem and wished me good luck .   I felt very happy because I had great esteem for that person . 
" He hoped she was n't offended" My brother lost his temper and started smashing things in the house .   I was quite scaredplz dun tell to Jay 
For I had a rather bad relation with my father . he invited me to stay with him and I was very glad about it . It was a fine evening . 
" I 'm sorry" A friend of mineI was very sad when my boyfriend finished our relationship . 
" Oh" Nerves are all edgy  Well . I am breaking up with . 
" YesWhen my brother 's visa for the got cancelled . 
People are more likely to die in hospital at ? 
" WellI became concerned when I saw my husband becoming a different person . 
Getting back my Psych midterm . 
  . 
" When my brother got very low marks in the exams  Such as ? 
I met a friend I had not seen for a long time on the street . 
" You know my father . If I fail  I know . I still haven ’ t heard from her . The good thing is that I ’ m so angry with her that I don ’ t feel sad about not having her around . 
" My boyfriend finished our relationship when I started studying psychology in" It can be the focus of inconsolable grief ; it inspires poetry and literatureI received a letter form home telling me that my sister was very sick . 
When I was admitted to the . I had problems with many people about my applying for this institute and I decided to prove that one can pass excellently without visiting any preparatory couse . That is - I proved what I could do on my own . 
  Thanks a lot . 
" I ' m sorry sirTennyson discloses that the setting of is in 's where the dejected resides alone in a moated grange . 
  What is it ? Why did you buy a brick ? 
When the girl whom I have lusted after expressed reciprocal feelings and then changed her mind . 
When my girl went away for a holiday without saying good - bye to me . 
What do you need ? 
" ` He 's livid about Opal . " " " 
Accepted by the college football team . 
" I 'm sorryWinning the local soccer championships was a great joy . 
  Can you tell me how to improve myself ? 
  That sucks . You wanna go grab a beer ? 
" A friend 's father had died" Not so much a merciful touch  I saw her dating with her ex - boyfriend again . 
  Thank you . 
  He 's a chicken guy . 
When a teacher tells a story which is n't true . It only reflects his way of interpreting reality . 
Being insulted in public . 
Death in the close family . 
When we took out an woman for the evening and had hamburgers . She described the evening out as her happiest night out in . 
  I sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me . 
  I 'm sorry . I 'll get you a new player . 
My girlfriend disliked it when I played majong ( a game of gambling ) .   I expressed my regrets and when I went to see her she neglected my existance .   I was very angry and left in displeasure . 
  Of course ! Both children and adults enjoy her books . 
  The problem is that many poor people might suffer . 
" But it will be expensive to have a car in the city  It is the symbol of laughing at hoar frost and fighting with snow . I admire the bravery of plum blossoms . 
" After of searchingmy best friend and I drove into unknown mountains at to pick up my broken car . We told one another horrifically scary ghost / murder stories and succeeded in scaring eachother pretty well - even though somewhere in our heads we knew the fears were unjustified . 
His parents were furious over the engagement business . 
  What 's up ? 
  Bye . 
  We 're waiting in line to get one of Master 's couplets . I got and I had good luck all year ! 
" Oh  Never . 
" As a food and store safety officer" Yes . I had a bad traffic accident . LookWhen one 's studies seem hopelessly difficult and uninteresting .  
The day I was told that I had been accepted as a student of economics . 
  Where ? 
When I got low marks in B.Sc final . 
When I failed an exam last Summer .   I had worked very hard for it and I was very disappointed thinking that it was hopeless to continue at college .   I did overreact . 
will be livid when he hears . 
" Oh" SkimCould not get into the university I wanted to get in . 
Gripped by fear is an oddly apt phrase for times when it feels like fear is gripping you . It 's like you 're being gripped by fear . 
" Life is a game" I 'm sorryWhen a very close friend of mine went into hospital for a major operation and I could n't see her for a while as I was not a relative she had no relatives in 
" I was really hoping that I would pass the examination  I did n't take my cellphone with me at that time . 
Before the certificate examination I was very poor in ( the worst result in my class ) .   Ever since it had been getting poorer and poorer .   I had tried my best and had spent most of my time studying this subject .   Finally my results were so bad that I thought that it was just not fair . 
councillors are worried about plans to turn the old cinema on the Riders Wind / Queens Road junction into a shop . 
I never failed my examinations since but I experienced sad moments when I sat for and I was not selected for education in . 
" Somerset are furious over suggestions that ` The Ghost " "" We were walking in the park at night .   It was very dark and very late .   We began to hear foot steps all around usMy uncle passed away . 
" When I could not find my daughter .   I ran and looked for her everywhere and could not find her .   ( I finally found herWhen my dad told me about something he had done against my mother . 
  It is different now . The world is becoming colorful . Some of my friends do n't feel the same pressure to marry . We all want to wait for the right moment . 
He felt their resentful eyes burning the nape of his neck . 
Failing exam . 
I do n't know what to do about the people who live in the flat above me ! 
What sports do you like to play ? 
My parents and brother came up over . We are a very close family . This was my year away from home . They brought one jacko - lantern with a new design . That is the old joke that we have a great new design - it 's always the same . 
  I 'm sorry . That must have really been a nightmarish day for you and your family . 
I have received no representations on that matter and I am not aware of any disquiet among the groups that the hon . described . 
" He seemed agitated  A necklace ? 
When I had to assume a position which I did n't expect . 
  I 'd like to call on you . I just want to a drop in for a chat . 
  You too . 
's exasperation found vent . 
" Oh  Mom ! That is so unfair ! 
" While having a discussion with a colleague of mine  Hi ! I 'm Nancy . Nice to meet you . 
  OK . 
I had a dream about my fiancTe leaving me and making an end to our relation . 
  You are passing the buck . I 'll be hanged if I ask you to go to the park with us . 
" Informed by the queen dowager of their decision  Which days are these classes on ? 
" Flaps are described in detail for the many pilots who do not fully understand how to make the best use of them  I had meetings back to back . And phone rang off the hook from the minute I walked into the office . 
  You said you were only going to window shop ! 
" When I had to travel alone" Its like time runs to me" Oh  That cat . 
On this occasion City accepted with relish the chances which came their way and inflicted serious psychological damage on their dejected opponents . 
There was widespread disquiet in the media and elsewhere . 
  Why ? 
She in turn had been drawn to him at the time when she was miserable about . 
Managed to run Km on skis fairly simply . 
When my father banned me from going to his sister 's home due to some misunderstanding between the . 
" I was watching a procession during" Brian Davies  Why not ? 
  Ok . Bye . 
I really experienced fear . It was connected with unexpected actions on the part of a group of people . This evoked in me many negative emotions . 
The surname of my brother was different from ours .   He often grinned at home and provoked others for the pleasure of it .   This made me angry . 
" OnceI was given an exam which I thought did not measure at all my ability or my knowledge of the subject . 
  I see . 
" Before I moved away from home  I think so . 
" When I wanted to go into a house  I have to find something . Otherwise I have to go back to . I 'll be broke in . 
" I was angry about how the government acted concerningI was on in alone . After an in a restaurant I was going back to the hotel when a prostitute approached me to sell herself . I refused but as I carried on walking I felt that I was being followed by someone . 
" I guess I 'm adventuresomeWe had to move to a very different city because the company where my father worked also moved to that place . It was very difficult for me to make new friends than . 
  I 'm really sorry . I 'll face the music . 
" He chuckled" I do n't think I could cope with your heartbreak . " " " 
my father told me to go into the cellar and get him a beer . I was terribly frightened at the idea of a man sitting in the cellar and assaulting me . For my defence I took an empty bottle with me . 
" While he was drunkWhen the car I was driving skidded on an icy road and landed in    a ditch with one side against a rock . 
"When I learnt that a boy I liked had been with a girl for . 
Someone played a trick on me . 
They 're also pretty peeved at what they see as failure to represent their interests adequately in . 
  Why ? 
" OhWhen a big angry dog put its snout on my arm and had I made movement it would have bitten me . 
This sound guy is so fucking fired .  
  You ? 
  Why not ? 
" In an attempt to counteract despondencyWhen out of work . 
" MissA meeting and a conversation with a woman ( somewhat elder than me ) who considers me as her child ( she also has one child of her own ) . I lived with her ( no relationship ) . 
" Come onWhen a close friend did not write . 
  But have journey . 
" Yeah" Last course  I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until . 
  What about ? 
Had an insulting letter from my father . 
" SureI experienced fear when I was not prepared for degree exams . 
not when fear not why fear not much while we 're alive .. Fear not die I 'll be alive for # lyrics quotes 
  I 'm sure and I remembered your phone number . I 'll call you . 
" Hi" When I recently managed to get my consulting assignment \myself\ " " i.e on my own initiative . " " " 
knew what was gon na happen to him if he tried to get that ball from 
" I knowWhen my sister died in a fire accident at home . 
" I ' m just so excitedWhen I met again a great friend and talked a little while with him . When I see again another I miss . 
After I had managed to fail my first year at was scared as to what I was going to do with my future . I did n't want a mundane - 5 job and yet I did n't know if I could pay my way through an unsubsidized year at university to settle down and continue my studies . 
She 'd be heartbroken if her father was n't at her wedding . 
  You are going to take courses ? 
" My little niece  never mind . Let 's go to the falls and try again . 
  Why ? 
" My illness a few years back .   I was severely down with malaria and asthma  Yes . 
" Sorry"  sure . My mom has been working on our family tree for . She ’ s always updating it . 
  No way ! 
  My mother - in - law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there . 
  Thank you . 
  Fine . 
When my grandmother died of cancer . 
  You sneak ! 
  Yes . 
My girlfriend sent me a letter with a shiny picture in it . 
She was offended and took it all personally . 
" When my flatmate put me down because she \thought\ " " she was better than me" WellI am scared when I stroll alone on the college campus . 
Imagine the horror on my beloved 's face when he discovered I had in fact flung in the rubbish his much prized and read collection of magazines ! 
  Yes . 
" A depressed person may cry a great dealThe shrieks of terror coming from down the corridor as my flatmate plays are endlessly entertaining . 
" I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for a long periodterrified to hear singing karaoke . i think my ears might start bleeding ... #ahh 
" Hi" I received an assignment backThe boy gave a nervous smile ; gestured to the waiter . 
Father lost his temper at home because he was mistreated at work . 
Today I did a lot better on my architecture project than I expected . 
" When I took blood from a patient for alcohol estimation and urine for some other examination" I received a letter from some friends" That may be" I was standing at the bus - stop and the bus passed by without stoppingI was at the seaside and my brother disappeared for . 
" After my graduation exams I was waiting to get admitted to a post graduation course" At an unjustHe looked offended but I guessed his idea of discretion was swapping his length of lead pipe for a rubber truncheon . 
  Oh ! yes 
is still furious about losing 's protest . 
" HiBut I remember the excitement in my children 's faces . 
" If you do this again" His granddaughter 's anger  Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant . 
When my grandfather died . 
" This time admitted itCulley imagined 's gleeful smile as she waited for to work it out . 
  I envy her and also I hate her at the same time . 
Of course was really peeved about how handled the whole business . 
  Really ? Who made that rule up ? 
" Oh" When I passed the B.A exams and my parents allowed me to carry on my studies and do a  That 's right 
  how dare you ! 
  Let 's stop the car and enjoy it for . 
The time I really fell in love with a girl . 
" Oh" He 'll be cross  . 
" Figurative artsA conflict with a pupil . 
of my friends and I had breakfast in a restaurant . It was spontaneous and lots of fun . 
" To our gratification  That sounds like fun . But where can I get clothes that old ? 
  Until when ? 
  Of course . Because the TV stations need to make money from commercials between the programs . 
" Well" My friend half - teasingly called me a bad nickname .   I felt insulted and kicked his hip in anger .   I was stable later and did not feel angry at him .   In fact I was afraid that the other friends who were with us would think that I was an intolerant person .   However I could not apologize" When I was cycling through the park late one nightThe contrast with her exhilaration on the frozen lake had come so swiftly . 
His mounting anger was making his speech more and more incomprehensible through his stroke - stiffened mouth . 
" For my parents anniversary" While having a discussion with my motherLeft alone in the biology building surrounded by empty buildings . 
When I damaged my wristwatch which I liked very much . 
While I was waiting for them to give me the marks of the most difficult subject . 
  Why not ? 
I WAS sad and also slightly amused to read the recent letter from a reader about the skilled worker only being offered . 
"When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF . 
  No . Why ? 
" DorisShe 'd felt quite frightened and had n't accepted the invitation . 
When my honest intentions were marred by another 's jealousy . 
" But he insisted he had no grudge against" His brownMy parents failed to visit me as they promised . 
" You can say that again . brother dropped in from out of town" For you 've protected the seed  If that 's okay with you . 
When I got my B.Sc degree with class . 
" Which was a curious sensation  I 'm sick of doing other people 's job and getting blamed for not doing it right . 
He was still more worried about the extensive rewriting of history that school text - books had been subjected to ; something of which most of us remained unaware until after . 
Not being alowed on a school camp with the class I 'd been in for ( I had stayed down due to illness ) 
  Not yet . 
" I had a chat with a fellow student .   I had known her for  Do you come from a country where they shake hands ? 
" ReallyWhen I decided to separate from my husband . 
You gain    and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look in the face.~ E Roosevelt 
" Being sexually assaulted ( not rapeI was very happy when I got an attractive Summer job . 
  Oh ! 
" They seemed happy about my victory in and most of them expected me to win more races . " " " 
" had never in his short life felt so desolate" DadWhat ’ s up ? You don ’ t look too good . 
  When ? 
When my grandfather died . 
" I won the prize at the science fair  I see . 
" But in my caseI was talking to a friend and he said something which was very funny . 
My car had been towed away by the traffic police because it had been wrongly parked .   However the sign had been put up only after I had already parked . 
" I 'm sorry for thatThe inflammation of the ear of my child got cured and the doctor said that the ear was completely all right . 
" When my father took away my cherished diaries to burn them ( I was also very sad ) \OhIn form we were taking our mock exams and someone else ( a friend ) was making noise when the examinateur picked on me and said that he would tear up my answer sheet .   I got very angry with the girls involved . 
In an expression of community sympathy many local children in made and sent cards to the devastated mothers . 
When I was treated improperly by someone . 
Is Stanley still singing that song ? He 's really hogging the mike ! 
That was heaven ! 
  You were ? 
" ` I desire to go to the palace of WestminsterWhat I did n't understand was why I did n't feel happy walking down the street afterwards . 
" Well . It ’ s not all my fault  Maybe . 
"When my boyfriend took me to his father 's grave . 
" YesThere 's no reason to feel dejected about the future . 
Hywel was glaring mad at having to put a suit on . 
I had a wonderful . 
" Always he gets angry when she takes customers home . " " " 
" At looked less happy than before" SayWhen my boyfriend did not turn up in time as he promised he would be coming . 
" If was miffed about the membership plans" I experienced joy at a friend 's birthday party . We had good food" My classmate used her personal relations to get a seat for a subject that I wanted also .   I had taken the pains to help him apply and I did not get selected .   I did not like this as he had not told me the facts earlier  I promise . 
  How ’ s your son these days ? 
" I gave tutorial to a student and I found that he was lazy  Yes . 
  I 'll say . 
" ` I ' m infuriated with myself" I had an appointment with a good friend . He came than we agreed upon . During of waiting I was afraid something might had happenedWhen my son gives me a spontaneous kiss . 
Hello ! 
" It seems so strange to be here` I do n't feel resentful that God has decided to take me before my allotted span . 
Listening to long speech of the party leaders wasting my time . 
This was the worst incident of my hostel life .   I was insulted by a close friend of mine on the eve of the New year and it totally spoiled my night . 
Having a good trip on a boat with good friends . 
  I did n't do anything . 
" ` does n't work for me" No" Perhaps" When my mother scolded me for coming home late  Bye . 
They looked like a crowd of frightened children . 
  The other class is on and from . 
  Yeah . It 's boring . I 'd rather read something more exciting . 
I experienced it once when we were on a drive . Our car passed by the comming from the opposite direction at an incredibly small distance . 
Gloom and despondency hung over the royal party and was more than a little resentful of having been required to join them in sanctuary . 
" When someone made me a compliment after an examination just at the moment I needed it . It was amicable"" I 've been through a lot . I forgot to set my alarm clock" It ’ s good . But to tell you the truthAll the talk of weddings made feel downhearted and impatient with the secrecy that John insisted on . 
  Like what ? 
  Why ? 
Hello . 
  Yeah ? 
" MomEmotional reassurances by spouse . 
" When a discussion resulted in an insult  Yuan . 
  Umm . I think my water just broke ! Get me to a hospital ! 
I took a math midterm and I knew I did really well and it was so I felt great joy because was over and I did well on a test . 
"is the weapon of choice used by bullies and cowards who feel powerless-2 control and manipulate others their own means 
  Such as ... 
He was becoming agitated . 
" Kisling was livid  Good . I will have hot chocolate . 
  And ? 
We are going to the concert . Will you join us . 
  I will do . 
" My parents put pressure on me to buy clothesMy class leader told me I am not chosen for your lectures . 
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith .   ~Mary # quote 
  Good . Let ' s go now . 
  Thank you . 
I am sad because some relations to friends are not very good . 
  And next ? 
" Too much  My paper is on the influence of television on children . 
Going to and finding out tediously that I had a stress fracture . The anger came when the senile doctors found out that I had stress fractures in one foot and should have had crutches . I was in distinct pain and barely could walk to classes . They said it would be better in . 
  Thank you . 
" Obviously  To the beach 
She was still feeling a little anxious when she thought of all she would have to do before she could get to bed that night . 
  How about Bill 's Seafood Restaurant ? 
  I just watched a movie and I 'm scared . 
Whhen the front tyre of the car burst . 
winning the Olympic . 
" Leaving home to move closer to . As an oldest child  The tapping of your pen on your desk . It ’ s driving me crazy . 
" Having gone to school without learning anythingThe man I am going around with gave me a very special present . 
  I do n't need a car . I walk to work . 
" Stop running around in front of the TV  That would really help me a lot . I 'm very grateful . 
" I moved to a flat . A friend who had lived there beforeIn I was busy studying during I could only sleep only for fear that I would be weeded and sent back . 
" After a football match I went home by car  . 
" I went to a lecture and once again it had been cancelled  How awful ! Was he hurt ? 
  It ’ s true . is a lot like in so many ways . And she is shy with new people just like he is . 
When I came to know that a girl I was fond of already had a boyfriend . 
! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long 
That concern turned to heartbreak when they heard of his mother 's grim fate . 
Somebody told her friend that she would hit me wherever we would meet . 
In when I was sailing with friends in I felt joy . 
I felt sad after having had an argument with my boyfriend .   I felt that he did not understand me and that there was no point in carrying on with the relationship . 
" Perhaps elated behaviour has evolved in connection with a rise in the hierarchyI was looking after my father 's sheen in the forest . while playing with friends from neighbouring villages the flock escaped me and went into a far place . It became dark and I was afraid of father . I went home and hid myself . 
A letter from my boyfriend began in such a way that I thought he was going to end our relationship . I was afraid of reading the rest . 
" She was greeted with a sympathetic  She ’ s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ’ t you be good to her ? 
" yesare you still coming to my place for dinner ? 
" ` It 's stuck ! " " she cried in dismay . " 
My admittance to the . 
I am saddened that the article uses the spurious connection between dialect and poverty as a means of attacking teaching in this country . 
"When I heard that an acquaintance of mine was spreading rumours about my affair with a close friend . 
  I am . 
  But she took her luggage away with her . 
  I think so . 
can affect your reasoning . Even brave men can lose their courage for a time if injured or exhausted . 
" When I found out my cousin had been killed . I was angry at the world  Why ? 
Someone talking about me at my back . 
" @jsargent90 wat happened sat rem much  You are not in a position to question my vision or my statement ! 
  I do n't think you really want to hear about it . 
How do you like the pizza here ? 
I felt anger against a person who told bad things about me in my absence . 
In just before going to the dentist . 
" A friend visited and made comments that my house / garden were not as neat / tidy as in the past . I 'd not seen her a year - She implied I 'd gone to the pack ( I 'd only been working full time" I had a very short term romance during the vacations .   When we met I felt excited but I wanted to avoid him after we had met a few times and so I proposed that we stay apart  Which song ? 
" I was to meet a girl in a discotheque .   She was very pretty and I was very happy .   But she did not turn up .   Thank" When I tried to breake it up with my boyfriendWhen I was travelling at . 
  I like him . He ' s good for her . 
  I use those sites . Hey ! Let 's go check out a flea market later . 
" Jim  I 'm bleeding too much . 
suppressed her annoyance before it could take hold . 
We were just about to go into the Exam room and I did n't see all my writing materials plus the identification card from the place where I left them . 
  He ’ ll be a teenager before you know it ! Teenagers are often rebellious ! When do you mine it is a good age to have a child ? 
@drakellaj : I hope you know that y' all the reason I have fun still 
  Ok . 
" When the train taking me to my military service left the station" ` I had the sense he was rather sad  Quite sure . 
  When did you start worrying about your weight ? 
" However  Do you ? 
When I was in a little fishing boat and we ran into hard weather in the open sea . 
" I wanted toDamn if only she knew . :( I do n't wanna fall for you cus if you wo n't pic me up . Trying hard not to . 
At the end of my senior yr . in high school I found out that a friend of mine I knew had cancer had been diagnosed as terminally ill . 
  I ’ m afraid I ’ m already booked up for . But thank you just the same . 
" SorryLeft alone in dark when young . 
When I got into a bus I found that my wallet had been stolen . It was not a great loss from the monetary point of view but I lost some documents - identity papers .   As a result I had to spend in order to get a new one .   I will always remember all the work I had to do and the bad treatment I suffered because of the bureaucratic behaviour of the civil servant .   I had already had bad luck and they treated me like a criminal .    At point of time I really wanted to quarrel with them . 
When I walk through streets . This is because I and my friends were attacked without any reason for it . 
" When" To his absolute delight the trap had held what must have been a salmonThe time I left home . 
" When my special friend said \I love " " for the time . " " " 
  Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! told me that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded . 
  I 'm sorry . 
  I 'm afraid so . 
When my father was very drunk and raging at home . 
" One day I lent my tennis I just had washed to my sister because she asked it . I asked her not to soil it as I had just washed it . I looked at the tennisWhen passing the final examinations for social worker . 
  Did you do you own stunts in the movie ? 
time I slept with my present girlfriend . Had been best friends for but had been hesitant about getting involved emotionally . 
My father died . I was away at the time and did not know until after . 
" was not only put out when his agoraphobic wife started to express her anger about his callous behaviour" some   ians want to replace a military dictatorship with a civilian oneHearing about developments of sience in the a lot better than . 
"" OhMy brother just left with my movie # xA;&#xA;I miss it already ! 
When in a difficult moment I could n't express myself correctly and my thought came out with distortions bringing about highly negative and distorted results . 
Once a person in authority ( school teacher ) was telling blatant lies about me and the headmistress would not let me defend myself . She was also telling lies about other members of my family . 
  Certainly . 
" Anyone could have typed that message and his initialWhen hyenas made crying noise on the window of my bedroom at home when I was preparing for my MCE examination during . 
  I will . 
" My daughter was 2 yrs she went up to a colt tried to hit it . It turned on her and kicked her over the heart" During the period of falling in lovefelt an odd excitement stirring inside . 
When my dog was stolen . 
" When they got to the florist and saw his father emerging he really was crossIt was on when I was . and his Devil Servant came to see me . rattled with his chain and bowled terribly . I was so frightened that my parents had to ask him to leave . 
My friend often played a joke on me and sometimes I thought that he was a nonsensical person . Once when we went to a friend 's house he walked in and shut the door firmly behind him .   I felt that he did not respect me and moreover I was his friend so he should not have behaved like that .   I was very angry ( as it is I was in a bad mood then ) . 
" Our greatest fear is not that we ca n'tAs an class teacher I got positive feedback .   When the atmosphere is good and a kind of relaxed understanding exists . 
  I do n't think that you 're done . 
When I heard the news that my brother had passed away .   It was the time that I lost a brother . 
I was angry when my boyfriend did not turn up as promised . 
I was a passenger in a vehicle when suddenly another vehicle came from behind to overtake us .   However another one was coming right in front so the other vehicle changed course and blocked our way and so we crashed against the side of the road . 
He said : ` Community anger is running high . 
  What ’ s your problem ! . Having a fit is not going to help ! 
" They were very quiet and sad atMy father 's death in moved me deeply .   The gloom prevailed for and I am still to recover from it . 
I watched a very terrifying film in LT2 .   This film really pushed my heart out of my body and I was forced to go out before the reel ended . 
  But she did and it made me disappointed . 
" I feel very miserable . I took the death of my wife very hard  I suggest a walk over to the gym where we can play singsong and meet some of our friends . 
( ) My father died . ( ) My natural father contacted me after my father died and this angered me more as I thought he should be dead and not my father . 
" I felt a great joy when I knew that my father was going to sell the apartment from GUARUSAWhen my boyfriend came form to for a visit I was very happy to see him and could n't believe it was him with me . 
" Fear is an emotion that I experience very often .   Naturally this is during exams and subsequently while waiting for the results .   However there is occassion when I was paralyzed with fear .   This was when I was doing my M.A.-I" After hearing the news about the death of my sister" Life is like a box of chocolatesWhen confronted and in my opinion hassled by the police . 
Saw on TV winning the gold medals . 
"" When I saw a friend of mineI have been thinking of changing my major for .   My original major was language and it blocks my way .   I have to face many problems at the sametime and I do not know what is real and virtuous .   I do not know if I am not interested in or if there are other factors which make me sad .   I am not very clear on what I can do for the study of .   I am not clear about what I can do .   What are the limitations ?    I hesitate but I feel more adjusted now . 
"" He had a clear picture of a sad and lonely man" They were supposed to" When I learned" No  Bye . 
The wedding guest did not exactly beat his breast but he looked considerably crestfallen . 
" I 'm afraid of driving on the special seat of a motorcycle  By airmail . 
" The children of remained in the desert forWhen my father 's home was to be broken into by thieves who had guns . 
  My paper is on the influence of television on children . 
of my relatives became seriously ill . I felt sad because I did n't know if she will ever be the same again . 
" My mother - in - law used to do the same thing to us . If it was n't disciplining them enough" YesMayor 's chaplain was furious he had n't been refunded a overpayment . 
  no . 
A new gas connection was to be installed and the mechanic who came to do it was very rude to my mother and me .   I rushed to thhe dealer with my mother and had a fight with the dealer as he seemed to be unreasonable and was taking the mechanic 's side .   Ultimately the matter was resolved after my father went and spoke to him .   The mechanic was asked to apologize . 
" ` It gobbled up the bird in go" It ’ s almost impossible to get the right balance . If you are too strictThe woman was not affronted . 
The Doctor looked offended . 
I had had a farewell party at the place where I had been working for .   That night I could not fall off to sleep .   I was sad thinking that I would not see my nice fellow workers again . 
When I whatched a horror film on a . 
" Good . After starts paying us" Yes  I was sick . 
" I felt anger when at the end of a telephone callWhen I was young I got lost on the street and the police found me after a day . 
were angry over 's decision to call off their match at an hour before the scheduled start . 
" Excuse me" The onlookers at thought this accident was part of the show and were creased with laughter  There are classes that are still open . 
  no problem . 
  You always have a chip on your shoulder . 
" At my father 's treatment of my mother  I 'm about to explode ! You ’ Ve made a mess of this matter . 
At set - backs . 
" My ex - boyfriend began to date my best friend . After they had been seeing each other" I have explained to pupils that I do not know ` the answer " " and so I can share the excitement of working out a problem with them . " 
" YesOne could get terribly ecstatic but that would be a dangerous thing to do . 
My feelings towards would - be in - laws for their participation in recent broken relationship . 
" I 'm sorryWhen I stayed alone in a house in and there was a lot of rumour in the newspaper about a murderer still being free . 
" When finally I found a place to live  Stop it . Teacher does n't treat me any different than she does everyone else . 
" When a so - called friend let me downA who trains priests said he was saddened but not surprised that he had been sacked after admitting he does not believe in God . 
A consumers ' pressure group is angry at the chaotic state of control on such potentially - lethal products . 
Hello ? 
" the cold incisiveness of his toneA girl entered in the division where I work and greeted everybody but not me . 
" I left my home in to come to Q'land to study and before I hopped in the car I hugged my mother and shook hands with my father . Sensing immediately my father 's sadness  Hello ? 
" and in the novels which follow he canWhen I learned that my dad had cancer . I knew he was going to the hospital for some tests . My mom told me when she picked me up from CAL to take me home . 
We were all very worried about you and I ' m delighted you 're home again . 
" Oh  Sounds good . 
  I did n't pass the exam . How to learn well ? Can you give me some suggestions ? 
" LookMy older brother who gives me unwanted advices about problems in my relationship with my girlfriend . 
" banks" A friend had promised to get me a book which was very important for my work  See you . 
When I was accepted as a student of Psychology here at . 
  Why do n't you just stick a gun in my ribs and take everything I have ? 
Eventually I will get tired of running ... 
" When I did n't succeed to enter at" I fell on the way to schoolNeighbours recalled how was overjoyed at the birth of her daughter . 
My heart was thumping with disquiet . 
back I received a card from a friend in .   She had not written to me in a very long time but it      showed that she still remembered me . 
My father has a chronic desease . In he had a very strong fit or seizure . 
I realized that the girl I loved had to leave me . 
" For once in his lifeHello ! 
I came across a certain boy who was intruding my friendship as lovers with my girlfriend and I was very sad because I did n't expect that girl to disappoint me I regarded her as being very faithful . 
" After a disagreement between my parents  Maybe I should just get a tongue piercing ! 
" While swimming  They both just talk about how great they are all the time . 
A father of children killed in an accident . 
" Yes" While I was pushing a court roller out of a ditch" One day I had an appointment with my boyfriend which I had objected to in the begining" I would like that AnnaThe death of my father . 
" Diehard fans might be miffed at some of what 's left outWhat 's that ? 
I got a very nasty electrical shock when I was tampering with some electrical applainces . 
I had the unexpected possibility to see a friend I like very much . 
  What kind ? 
When the person I 'm having the affair with wo n't talk to me in public . 
" I wanted to go out to walk but I did n't know either where or with whom" Nevertheless  What scene ? 
" I wanted to be pregnant and did not succeed" I had n't been at my parent 's place for a long time . When I went to visit them I had high expectations  That 's OK with me . 
  I love that dish as well . It is coconut chicken with rice . 
" But I often skip his classesThe disqualification of of my mates in the military service . 
" I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my siblingsSome friends and I were crossing a street when of my friends was seized by a car and thrown aside . I had seen the car coming in our direction but I did not have enough time to react and prevent the accident . 
" NoI met my present boyfriend on a boat trip to .   We had said that we would call each other when we got back to ( we were not going to the same town in ) .   As soon as I walked in he called from as he could not wait till he came home . 
When I got my B.A degree with class . 
" I learned that a class - mate had given a listFinding out I am not chosen for the lectures . 
" passed while he sat there  . 
  Sure . 
My employer took too many aspirins for a bad back and also drank an enormous amount of spirit .   This was dangerous   and he did not understand that he had done anything wrong . 
" 's despondency was caused by a fear of 's death" Have no Eddies here # Bodyguard for hire  And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ? 
" Last semester when I dated a girl whom I 've known for . However she said she wanted us to be \just friends\ " " . I confided this to a friend Jim I was really suffering . he broke up with his old girlfriend and they started going out regularly . I have no girlfriend nor have I had a romantic relationship of any significance . I feel some anger but we are friends again . " " " 
When I saw my name in the newspaper and I knew that I entered at the University . 
When I had to leave home to go to some other place to study . 
" For the watching world" Yes  How much ? 
" I wanted toLook at what you have done . All thumbs . 
As she looked around she felt a twinge of sadness that in a carriage where of the commuters were men there were women forced to stand in the aisle . 
" YesMy father had a heart attack when I was not at home ( I was still living with them ) .   He recovered relatively well although he had to retire ( which implied relief from the stress of a small scale enterprise ) . 
  no ... 
When my father had a cerebral hemorrhage . 
  You did ? 
" At WalMart with @iNesha_iP and she just saw a midget and freaked completely out ! will you" When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle . And our relationship was newI was accepted by the university . 
  Hope so . 
  Hope so . 
" Being very close to having an auto accidentI 'll be late because I have waited so long ! 
" However  my advisor ? 
  That girl was my cousin . 
" I had a very heavy work load and colleagues  This is a really great place to watch a baseball game . 
I was for the time on a brigade . At that time my sister was to bear a child . I was mad with joy when I opened the telegram from my parents and learned I had a nephew . 
" It was just like" I unfairly got a low mark on an exam and I failed to win a grantWhen the church choir came after being away for . 
" The cat has eaten my fishIt was when my father was taken into detention by the CIDS for for a reason I do n't know up to now . 
  I hope so . But I 'm always caught short . 
  Sorry isn ’ t good enough ! What can you do to help me ? 
" We huddle beneath the covers  Of course ! They use this machine with a needle that pokes your skin and inserts the ink . 
I was on a trip to Phillipines during Summer and I was staying in a hotel .   The room I was staying in was very silent and had very dim lights .   The last night I felt frightened and lay awake - I could hear some sounds around me and dared not open my eyes - I waited for dawn . 
Said his co - boss : ` I was a bit disappointed when at Middlesbrough did n't come up with the price we 'd fixed but I ' m happy the lad is still here . 
  I think it 's dangerous . What if I ca n't turn it off ? 
  Yeah right ! I ’ m serious ! You should also cut down on your sugar intake as well . You drink carbonated drinks that are high in fructose syrup ! It ’ s really not healthy ! 
  Excuse me ? 
" has mastered the sound - biteBeing close to drowning . 
" I confronted with this feeling at the quite recently" I 'm not afraid of" Oh  Why ? 
  I never went to court . 
The feeling of joy when again I had confessed my sin and experienced God 's forgiving grace and cleansing power - total enlightenment and freedome - bliss . 
When my sister - after a history of abortion and stillbirth - gave birth to a perfectly healty boy . 
A close married friend has just had his child . 
" But it is ! Take for example . The subway was so packed  You hit the white ball with your cue . The white ball hits the colored balls . And you want to get the colored balls into the pockets . 
" Oh  What ? 
My sister marrying a bad man . He is cruel to her . 
I phoned a friend of mine to ask her for news about the marks in an exam .   She told me that I had passed . 
Afraid of a dead body . 
" Well  Like how ? 
When my grandmother passed away . 
I was angry with a friend of mine who behaved in an affected manner . 
  Fine . Let 's call a truce . I 'll try to more considerate and to keep the noise down . 
  See you . 
The sheriff had said the most likely explanation was that the father had become exasperated . 
Do nt believe the lies Look me in my eyes Please do nt be scared of me & remember you this feeling is nt new ..    dnt 
" When we stayed in with our class" I was diving below the iceMy father suddenly fell ill and died . 
  Fine ! 
  Where ? 
" This is a peculiarly nasty technique of persuasion  He does everything so mindlessly that he is going to drive me crazy . 
  I 'm an engineer at . 
" I had a singing - lessonReceiving my result slip ( pass ) on my birthday . 
" Thank youWhen someone I was close to became a paranoid schizophrenic and I was unable to see this person because of the situation . 
When an teacher unfairly made me repeat a semester which I thought I had passed .   I had to ask my parents for some more money to carry on studying . 
" All right" I am sorry  What is it ? 
" Receiving notification that I had made a successful application to the Therapy course at UniThey say your penis is related to your shoe size . Well that makes the of getting raped by a clown much scarier . 
I 'm definitely wearing something neutral over my red in . cajuns 
When I received my results and found out that I could not go to a school of my choice . 
" When my mother scolded me for something" Yes" It wasWhen I heard my name being announced on the radio that I had been successful in an interview for admittance for a medical Assistant training course . I was really happy and I enjoyed myself by dancing to music from the cassette . 
  I 'm from . And you ? 
A close person lied to me . 
  I will . 
There is indeed much disquiet at any delay in immediate fulfilment . 
The thought of having to read a boring book of pages in . 
When I was selected to study here at university . 
The excited smile on her face told that the girl was enjoying herself . 
  but do n't you think it annoying to overcharge the customers by such a handsome margin ? 
  Please do that . I ca n't wait to come back again . The performance must be really amazing . 
" When I saw a big man hit another one" It ’ s a story about a policemen who is investigating a series of strange murders . I play the part of the detective . He has to catch the killerWhen my father passed away . 
When I had to walk along a dark road alone . 
Hello . 
Was threatened with a knife ... in the military by soldiers form another unit . The reason was girls . 
  All right . 
  I like classical music . Do you ? 
" NoWhen I was operated on the knee and had to go through rehabilitation . 
" went by as she reflected that must be feeling as miserable as Travis" I was escorting a relative on a bike" is the of phobias" I was watching the news on TV . Again they were talking about the danger of war . Suddenly I imagined what it might mean for me  I was stuck floors in the elevator . 
It was when my friend had stolen my money ( ) and had disappeared . 
There is always a moment in time when we can make a decision whether or not to vent our anger . 
" Alone I am coming back home in the night after the serial \explanation\ " " . " " " 
" I was late for schoolThe queen was grief - stricken at his death . 
Before I had a tooth pulled out .   I was very upset and ill . 
" I remembered his amusement about such underwear on his first evening at Sleet  What 's on ? 
  Bye . 
I for the # waitress hauling my stuffed toast out to me ; she might # end up coming out with a stump where her # ass was ... 
I 'm a little nervous . 
  Yes ! Thank goodness you ’ re here . These bugs are driving us crazy ! 
" He looked at the childrenGot a present from my friend for my birthday . 
" When a study tour got confirmed  My grandchild . 
When I heard a rumour that exam results were out . I had fear that I might be one of the failures . 
Never really had the experience just yet - N / A. 
  Glasses ? 
I have a terrible toothache . 
Reunion with my wife after a legal separation . 
" Nevertheless" When I opened my envelopeThat comes after growing annoyance at the continued failure of the to ensure that the RUC accompanies the UDR on all its operations . 
" Horror by gunfire differs little from horror inflicted by the guillotine  Maybe ... 
Ah ! No ! Damn it ! 
When my father died I felt myself alone and the fear possessed me . I was a child and all my sisters and brothers ( 8) were young . 
When the reaction set in she had felt utterly miserable . 
  They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take and go away somewhere . 
  Is there a big generation gap between parents and their children in you country ? 
When grandfather died . 
" In a day when at workThe sun was shining but the brightness of the day did nothing to dispel 's feelings of dejection . 
  I can ’ t believe it ! I thought the were going to win for sure . 
The law said nothing about duels between species which were not considered to be human -- although that did not prevent an offended party from seeking recourse . 
" A friend suggested in a round - about way that the reason we were late for something was because of me" While cycling in the countryWhen after a lot of provocation my child threw a plate on the floor . 
I had been watching a TV - program on paranormal phenomena .   At night I could not fall off to sleep as I feared that humanoids were on the move . 
" SorryMad at my dad . 
The army had n't been too pleased about that little episode either . 
  You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in of overtime ! 
  I 'm not . I just do n't feel like drinking whole milk . Why ? Do you think I 'm fat ? 
When I passed an exam . 
  sounds amazing as always .. I should really find a way to watch the product 
NO RESPONSE . 
" YeahWhen I was the target of a great many insults and completely unfair accusations of a large group of people . 
" Oh  It ’ s unfair . 
Staying in the room alone at night . 
I was really angry when all my food was eaten by a dog . My anger was against my mother because she was careless . She did n't keep the food in a hidden and proper place . 
Hello ? 
" No" Come onI helped my little sister ( ) learning mathematics . Obviously she did not want to understand what I explained and started to cry . I grew angry . 
Left alone in the dark in a big building . 
" She felt disquieted at the lack of interest the girl had shown -- anything might happen in this sort of house  Yes . 
He looked a little crestfallen . 
When a friend of mine told me that he was going to commit suicide . 
  That 's OK . 
@BrightonEd I 'm also putting off getting an eye test as I know ill need glasses !  
  . 
  I hear the beaches in are beautiful . 
I was seriously injured in a road accident . The very steps I took with crutch to support me I felt so good . I enjoy being alive . 
" A friend got angry and drove like a lunatic with me and others in his car . I was angry about his dangerous driving . " " " 
For some the strain of living together without legal ties leads to considerable anguish . 
" the awkward moment when someone who should n't wear a thong does O" When I was the to arrive at the scene after an accident  Certainly . 
My roommate refused to walk with me to the lectures . I have to walk alone in the dark . Lectures are in the biology building . 
" I felt very sad when I lost my at civo Stadium when was playing some records . That was not what I expected" Sorry  Exactly . 
" No" I don ’ t feel sickwas almost ill with excitement and outrage . 
" Concerned as to whether he was adequately looking after himself@EdMatts I smell now .   Market is in regret . 
When I passed the driving test ( on the try ) . 
" NoHow could she be concerned about the choice of jam ? 
" He is portrayed as showing sorrow at the destruction caused by bombers and it is he who ` saves the day " " by giving himself up and then being shot by Clogger . " 
I felt angry at one time when I was chatting with friends and suddenly another friend joined us and started opposing any comment I added to our chatting . 
When diving deep into the sea to reach the floor I felt breathless . I was cautious but I doubted I should be able to come to the surface and inhale . 
The day I got a telegram telling me that I had been selected for a B.A at university .   I felt happy because I had not expected to be selected . 
After the funeral of an acquaintance I felt very depressed . That feeling turned into joy when I heard that I had achieved a good grade for an examination . 
  Which is easier to learn ? 
" But that ’ s not the only thing ... you knowI dreamt of my father 's death while I was at secondary school .   I was screaming at the top of my voice and was woken up by my friend .   That day I was really sad . 
  How ? 
is concerned at the length of time he says it took for an ambulance to arrive . 
- finding that someone in the house had eaten an entire packet of almonds I had bought for a family treat . 
I ' m thrilled to see her ! 
When my dog ran out on thin ice . 
" Oh" ` When we came to tell you that the service was postponed you were in a very agitated state -- but then it was difficult to persuade you to leave off playing . " " " 
" I remember the day my father died . I was and my sadness was so great that until I remember everythingWhen my boyfriend almost had a relationship with a close friend of mine . 
" A certain person started to say dreadful things very calmlyWhenever I think of enrolling in . 
My father dying . 
To buy a car and did n't like the business and the car . 
  We 'll get to go fishing at the river . I hate fish . 
  Why ? 
  They obviously thought I was doing terribly badly at that time and were very pleased at how well they had rigged me out   until I put on the mac . 
Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and later was telling me that he could n't give it back to me because I was rude at a certain time . 
When I realized that it did not make much sense to start a relationship with a girl who was not very constructive to establish a firm relationship . 
  They weren ’ t supposed to arrest me . 
  Why are you being so nice to me ? Do n't think for a second that I trust you . 
When I entered the operation theatre and underwent a difficult operation . 
  Absolutely . 
My fiancee and I were at my parent 's place watching TV . There were   only two TV - chairs and we were sitting on them when my drunken brother came in and rudely chased my fiancee off the chair she was sitting on . 
I met some nice people during my holdidays . When they left I knew that I would never see them again . 
" Www" ` NoI was afraid of a certain examination although I was relatively well prepared . 
" A ex - boyfriend tried to prejudice me before my fianceand his family saying things about me that let his family worried . We had to postpone our wedding and we were already using our wedding rings . To be honest I did n't feel just angerI felt happy when I learnt that I had qualified for the grade . 
Falling off a cliff in the mountains . 
" When my neighbours accused my brother of stealing their rose - bushI want you and to know how very much I appreciate the kindness shown to me in my earlier mood of despondency . 
" is heartbroken that her marriage to toyboy husband ` Slim " "What ’ s the plot of your new movie ? 
" Ohhave to drink water so that the kidneys are not sick ! ! :( 
" ThenBeing driven by friend who suddenly swerved and skidded a little . It was night and on a long trip . We ended up on side of road . 
" From the other end of the table watched with mild amusement  Then what ? 
On I got a summon to appear in court on on the subject of impregnanting a school girl . I really feared of standing in the court in time after this notice . I was also embarassed due to formal approach that was expected of me to the . 
I ' m delighted to learn that his advice has been sought in the present enterprise . 
" During holdidays I wanted to invite my brother  always tries to stay fit and healthy . She is always making us kids eat the proper foods . 
A colleague asked me to study with her . I could not explain things as perfectly as she had expected . So she reacted in an aggressive manner . 
" No" SureWe nah   ah   nah ah nah # talk from # xA;No bowy nah badda weeeee &When my application for studying the masters degree was accepted . 
When I failed an exam . 
Selling my used car . 
" Well" She did n't want to get sad now" I was in a dancing - tavern and the atmosphere was one of waiting for the end of the world .   Suddenly people began dancing wildlyProfessor said : ` I ' m thrilled to see them all here . 
She stopped as she saw the look of annoyance on his face . 
When I think about the short time that we live and relate it to the periods of my life when I think that I did not use this short time . 
  I 'm so honored that you thought to ask me . 
does your family have a record of your ancestors ? 
  Why not ? 
I was sad when I heard that my cousin died because of being bewitched by her husband 's wife . 
" This would normally push up her heart rate but with her pulse already racing due to the alcohol" When after of national service I was \downgraded\ " " and did not have to do . " " " 
" Yes  No ! ! ! 
When I got a record as a gift from a friend . 
" repeated  Why are you so bitter ? No one tells worse joke than you . 
" I am sorry  You will . 
I was afraid when my dog ran out through a crack in the fence when   a train was coming . 
A very close friend left me . 
" One dayChatterton did not sound unduly worried at that prospect . 
" No - one seemed concerned that the museums  I have been working on it for and it 's too late to write another . Just think of all my hard work that goes for nothing . How could I do such a thing ? 
But he still feels miffed and mystified as to why manager discarded him so readily from and why no other clubs were willing to hire his lethal skills . 
My mother 's death . 
" Oh  That doesn ’ t make any sense . 
" When I miss the train and I am late" His delight and sense of wonder at the growth of his baby were erratic as other interests pressed  Our red underwear did n't do any good at all ! 
" For you 've protected the seedFinding out that the university will give priority to qualified practioners and clinical years to go to your lectures . 
" Whether or not the actually arranged for the drawing to be removed" At school" I had a picnic with old classmates  I can ’ t believe she would do that to you . It ’ s so dishonest --- and rude ! 
  No . 
  Yes . 
" When I heard about the death of" fears many thingsFinding out that the girl I like does not like me . 
  About 6:00 . 
Always when I get separated from my friends and relatives from my home town . 
  Yeah ! 
" The night outside was drizzling with rain  Calm down . 
  Yes . 
" When my fiancee travelled 2000 Km to visit me" I had been very weary all week - no letters" Tigers up" When I wasWhen they denied a job to a person that I propsed giving political reasons that has nothing to do directly with the professional level . 
  You are doing the waltz wonderfully well . 
A friend of mine often had difficulties with her parents . Once she had a child she had a better relationship with them . 
" When an acquaintance of mine beat up another person for no just reasonWhen I saw a ghost . 
  His nose is out of joint because we forgot to invite him to the party . 
" You could make a fortuneonly thing holding me back . 
" I sensed such a feeling when I understood I was admitted to the University . I was at homeI felt very happy when I was accepted at university for my studies .   I had not expected this as I had been ill during the exams . 
When someone told a secret I told them not to tell . 
  Great . 
  Do you really think so ? I do n't . It will just make us fat and act silly . Remember last time ? 
" Please explain because it makes no sense to me . How can a girl ’ s routine be so complicated ? You get up" My sisterI 've just been a little depressed lately . 
When I got accepted to . 
" ` They are naturally excited about getting the championship back after" Hello ? Yes  Who was it ? 
When I got myself the kind of girlfriend I had been hunting for a long time . 
When I told my girlfriend a joke openly and frankly . 
@Soundplatinum3 Thank you so much for ... It was truly a blessing If God did give then where did it come from 
To my great annoyance I found myself jealous . 
" ` Well  She loves to nitpick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she 's around . 
Article published . 
" I know  Only one . 
  Ashes to ashes and dust to dust ... 
As I set off I had a fleeting glimpse of the leer of pure delight on 's face . 
When I passed an exam . 
  But he was trying to beat about the bush . And my talk with him was fruitless . 
" Oh" I was angry when my sister began to talk nonsense and to laugh at the way I swept the room .   My anger grew ( I tried to control myself ) .   After telling her to leave me alone" When I knew that a person that I liked very much did n't react the way I would like toI was camping with a friend of mine and we spent in the forest .   I could not fall off to sleep and could clearly hear noises from outside ( steps ? ) approaching our tent . 
" Aside from the fact that is quite capable of carrying her own books  A language is always difficult . 
  I guess so . 
  why ? 
" When I stood in the B.A exams .   Earlier I had heard of these boys and girls who were toppersPhysically fighting with my girlfriend because she just walked out of a room of my friends and had pushed and cursed at me when I went to find her . 
is such a weak emotion that 's why I despise it . 
" Agnes noted with alarm that a pink flush was suffusing 's faceIt was not long ago when I and of friends of mine got quite drunk and of them began to rave under the influence of the alcohol . I felt fear of what could have happened . 
Finding out the great difference between and the in science . 
My sister bkoke her leg . 
  Ok . Take care . Have a nice journey . 
  I agree . You ca n't expect a close relationship with a dishonest person . Those are the people that will turn their back on you when you are in need . 
Walking on a dark street with noone around . 
  You 're dancing so well . 
" YesWe were on the road in a car when a lorry bypassed us .   We had to swerve and we almost got run over . 
A grief - stricken Mr Ellis said : ` It 's a nightmare . 
  I see . 
  great . I ’ m looking forward to it . 
The end of a relationship ( after ) by doing this I hurt the other person very much . 
  See you . 
  Yes . 
" Yes  I don ’ t know . I didn ’ t really feel like going out . I guess I ’ m feeling a little homesick . 
@s_utter I was terrified as well . It made me not ever want to celebrate in .  
  But what do most people think about it ? 
  Don ’ t tell me what to do ! I ’ ll get to it when I get around to it ! 
On my birthday when several good friends came to visit me . 
When I was making music together with my friend . It sounded very good and we were very satisfied . 
  Ok . 
  My car won ’ t start ! old car ! 
  Why ? 
When my boyfriend said he did not want to see me anymore ( which turned out to be untrue ) . 
  It 's . 
When a thief entered the house in which I was sleeping . 
I received a letter from a friend whom I was missing 
When I heard that I had been selected for the university . 
  I 'm scared . 
The birth of my child . 
@LumixGoals who will also increase our wage bill ? No sense bringing in anyone . What message does that say to our yound talents ? 
" Oh" When I heard that my girlfriend was getting married to another person" When a girl did not answer a question  Where to ? 
Before examination . 
" No" When I was youngtime in anatomy . 
" @Toop99 Oh godInsulted by other people in the shop . 
When my children were born . 
Determinedly she put her worries and the root cause of her despondency behind her and tried to think more cheerfully . 
" At a success of mine" I studied medicine for several semesters and at that time I developed a great fear of examinations . I was most afraid of my examination of anatomy . While other students were examined" I do n't know . She always said I did n't love her" Recently a good friend only called me when he needed something . He never said \please\ " " or \""thank you\ " " or any other kind word . " " " 
" I know" I was interviewing a gurl and she flipped the tables on me by questioning me in the freakiest way ever ! The rapist got mind rapedIn life there is either   or -I pick confidence ~David 
It was when I felt very sad . It was when I heard that I was not selected to study in . 
  Fine ! By the way would you mind not slurping your coffee every time you have a cup ! 
  And that ? 
.   quotes # kktny # ff follow kardashians kuwtk 
Not applicable to myself . 
" I was testing my new roller skates in the street  Sure 
When my grandmother passed away . 
  my boss . 
Being harrassed for being gay ; suggestions of being physically beaten - acting as informal bouncer in a gay bar . 
  OK . 
" While he went up to the bar to order" Hey" When I was" While walking through an old mining area" Busking or playing musical instruments in the  OK . 
  . 
  That 's all right . But why were you so rude to me at lunch . 
I passed my MCE Examination . at first I was worried but when I heard my name I had joy in my heart and I arranged for a trip to attend a wedding ceremony . 
  What signs ? 
" I was camping in an old broken hut which had no lights .   I had brought along a lamp which was not working very well .   The door made strange sounds and I was sure that strange things were happening .   The most terrifying bit was that there were many wardrobes in the hut and everytime that I looked in the glass of the wardrobe I felt that there were \objects\ " " behind me .    The whole night was spent in fear and restlessness . " " " 
" ` And I ' m frightened that if I go down to the cellars I might die . " " " 
" The death of a relative" OKShe shot him a look of exasperation . 
  Sure . 
I saw a report on T.V news on apartheid in . 
" WellBut why does Mr always look sad ? 
Before an examination : I had the fealing that I had not learned enough . 
" The trick was really intolerable .   They hid it" It joined me for the rest of the holiday  Why not ? 
" I know  . 
Freeze ! 
  . 
You did n't ring me . You said you would . 
  What for ? 
  I won ’ t damage it . 
" Oh . I enjoy watching boxing on televisionI shared a secret with a friend and it later turned out that he had revealed it to another person with whom I did n't get along very well . 
" When I realized the burden it was for my mother to look after all of us  Why ? 
  Chicken ! 
When my friend ( girl ) went abroad for . 
I received money from my father at a time when I was completely broken . 
My friend not allowed to go to the lectures . 
" Ar ! Dad  Engaged ? 
when I received a B on a history midterm . I felt overjoyed after having received C 's previously . 
  No . 
  OK . 
of my good friends had to migrate to .   Our friendship had developed quite well and it was a pity as our friendship would fade . 
" I thought that I would be scolded for a comment I had madeMade a statement that other people did not believe . 
  I heard it ’ s a very good movie . 
` His gratification was almost unbounded when on arriving at the Belts of the he found not only numerous new but new forms of Birds . 
When a colleague was rude with me because she did n't understand the subject about which I was discussing . 
  Yeah . My whole is screwed up now . 
was sad at the death of the Misses Dolan but too much was happening for her to dwell on it . 
  excellent ! That sounds like a plan . 
" The day I was nearly stabbed to death by ruffians who wanted to take my money .   I refused to give them any money and they started running after meWhen I was caught in an elevator and it got stuck between floors . 
  it must be very demanding . 
" You must have been prepared for a long time . Some statistics in this presentation are not easy to find" Oh" WooMr Carruthers said that the vast majority of evidence was over but acknowledged he was concerned that Mr McTear would not be able to conclude his testimony . 
  Rather . I 'm afraid I did n't do very well . 
" ` I am practical  I do n't think you really want to hear about it . 
  You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ’ t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study . 
  A B plus . 
  Why not ? 
You 're late . 
  No problem . 
" Maybe so" Lo ga takut untuk mencintaiI was sad when I saw that a beautiful girl was not attainable . 
" As approachedTime flies ! 
A certain during initiation . 
  Oh ! That 's much hetter than I did . 
Yanto realised to his horror he was now the nearest man to the exit bar . 
I passed an exam which I thought I had failed . 
When the coach of our team degraded me to the team . 
What this implies and should express is the field - worker 's moral commitment to his foreign hosts ; this can be the source of much personal anguish and heart - searching . 
When planning to marry . 
A certain friend tried to push me off a seat in a very violent way for no apparent reason .   It may be that he was excited about something . 
When my mother had a nervous illness . 
A friend gave me a lift and we met a road - block .   He tried   to turn back when an officer shouted at us to stop .   My friend took a turn suddenly and the officer raised his gun but by the time we were gone . 
" ` I ' m delighted they left you the house" After watching lose game after game  What are you so excited about ? 
"  What ? 
  Yes . Why ? 
Finding out that I can go to your lectures . 
  Both . 
  letter can have several pronunciations and one word can have several meanings . 
  Be careful . 
My girlfriend gave me some feed - back and I understood that it meant that our relationship was about to turn even closer . 
  Don ’ t do this ! Don ’ t do that ! You mustn ’ t do this ! You can ’ t do that ! 
" I \cooked\ " " the engine in my father 's car - it was actually his fault because he had n't fixed the temperature gauge or told me . When I finally got home I was absolutely screamed at and the anger I experienced was over the injustice of it all plus the huge row which developed . " " " 
  Me too . Please write to me as soon as you get . 
" Not soWhen I was offered a place in the university as a full time student . 
When my beloved girlfriend got married to another person . 
  We hope so . 
  Thank you . 
" No" For the Opposition" When my mother and father split up I was angry : I felt deprived and \different\ " " from other children at school . " " " 
" Do n't believe the lies look me In the eyesMy boy - friend had promised me to come home at He did not return until midnight and had consumed a lot of alcohol . 
" When a friend told me that my education had nothing to do with our discussion .   This friend has failed the grade  I drink a lot of wine . 
  Of course I should have ! You certainly deserve them ! You put up with all of us . 
" However" Yeah" Thank youWhen I had to talk with an important person about a job . 
  OK ! 
At primary school I was accused by some boys of being in love with a certain girl in their class so they had to shout and beat the girl and the matter was reported to the headmaster . 
" Really" And if we do n't need themWhen I part with my friends I feel always sad for some time . I ca n't remember a concrete example now . For example I have just parted with a friend of mine and I am feeling sad . 
  I am very grateful for your advice . 
" She missed himI wish i could get the lyrics to by @Drake tattoo'd on my body . But that 'd be big ass tattoo 
" When I was in Form 4Hello ? 
You 're late . 
" I felt glad to live again when I went to a meeting about the \Knowledge\ " " . There are techniques of meditation that connect you with the essence of the human being . " " " 
I was a little concerned that you put so much emphasis on return to work . 
" Do n't get smart with me . Herejust got a shot at the doctors and was the nurse was about to kill me because I was freaking out so much 
" But" Yes" Do n't believe the lies  Yes . 
  Yes and no . 
" When I left all my friends at school ( break up ) knowing we would probably all go our separate waysHello . 
" After some friends had come to see me . They had stayed for and we had got on very well . When they had leftMy public appearance in front of a rathe big audience . 
My husband still feels very cross . 
" YesSaying goodbye at the airport to my boyfriend who has to go to school back East . We are very close and have been together . 
  I think you can go to visit the museum . It 's worth seeing . You can go to the square some other time . 
" He paused before stepping out onto the roofWhen I received the news that my in - laws had passed away .   I depended heavily on them for their guidance and the running of their daughter 's buisness . 
" Please explain because it makes no sense to me . How can a girl ’ s routine be so complicated ? You get up" There were amused smiles" On my plane trip  I 'm standing in front of an exquisite work of art ! 
  It ’ s true . is a lot like in so many ways . And she is shy with new people just like he is . 
" JOHN SMITH" was not totally disconsolate and added : ` The way our fans came behind us is the best I ' ve ever heard it here  You 're lucky ! 
After making an effort to enter at found a course and a school of higher education which were compatible with my experience and potentiality . 
  Look behind us at the mountains ! They 're reflecting pink ! 
" I felt quite depressed about it . " " " 
  You 're welcome . Did you have a good time on this vacation ? 
  I hope so . 
I 'm so angry at for buying a new bike . 
  Feed them ? 
When my grandfather died . 
  Is it ? 
I share my small flat with my friend . On her birthday we could not see each other until evening because we had to stay at the University all day . In the evening I left a lecture before it finished to be able to buy flowers for her . When I was at home she called me to tell me that she would stay with her boyfriend . 
  I hope so . 
" My childI suddenly found that those whom I considered to be my good friends did not care for me .   Although I could still be with them I felt unimportant .   I deeply thought about the reason behind this so as to see who was responsible for this .   Finally I made up my mind and decided not to expect too much from them .   I was sad when I decided that they were no longer my good friends . 
City fans are still livid over the clash with that led to skipper sending off in the - 0 defeat at . 
Talking with a nice girl . 
" Congratulations" I suffered from a gynaecological illness . I was quite displeased to hear that my roommates had talked about it and they had misrepresented the truth . I felt deeply hurt when I learned that it was done by a " " acquaintance of mine . " " " 
  Really ? 
" @DaveWright70 @rmmanson @GabBurnsSmith @fraudsterboosh bobWhen   fell in love with my present girlfriend . 
" WellSome grandparents have the sadness of losing rather than gaining grandchildren . 
" My friend had organized a birthday party for me secretly" When I began dansing  That ’ s fine . 
" Well" I was informed by my flatmate that  Yes . My face even ached in the icy wind . 
" Oh" Sorry" That afternoon I received messages informing me  I Believe I will . Look for me near the lake . 
" I had stayed for without seeing mother because our holidays were short and my home is far . Some timesAfter you . 
  Weight ? 
" EmilyTo her annoyance a warm blush was steadily creeping into her cheeks . 
" Physical violence . A friend would n't listen to me I repeatedly tried to warn himOnce I had to go home on foot at I had to pass through a forest and I was going alone . 
  Leave me alone ! 
" I know I 'm a blabbermouthHe had seen beyond the excitement of being approached for his book ; he already visualised it on the bookshelves ! 
A close friend of mine was to get married in a time when her father died of a heart - attack .   I knew him well and felt bad on hearing of his death . 
I was approaching my exam time and my books got stolen .   I was in a panic as I thought that I would not do well enough to be considered for the economics quota .   I cried a lot but that did not help and as came near a strange fear gripped me . 
  How come ? 
" day a fierce looking man came to our house   and said that my father should apologize to himMy father died unexpectedly at . He certainly would have liked to live longer . I was also said because I was confronted with the fact that I would die too . 
" When I left after the examination to enterThey all seem terribly sad . 
Someone who was speeding was forced to slow down when I pulled out onto the road and proceeded to abuse me at the next set of traffic lights . 
Getting the top price in the football pools . 
"Night tweeps ! ! If you think the worst is over ... wait for the exam results .. Exams # AHSJuniorsExams 
Staying alone in a dark place . 
Some colleagues decided to go out on a not inviting me to decide either the place nor the time . 
  Good idea . Can I bring some music from that period too ? 
  Was he upset when you told him you had to leave ? 
  Yes . 
  All right 
When I saw that I had passed an exam .   It was the last chance and there was a lot at stake . 
" Day before my mother bought me a new pair of shoes  Thanks . 
Uh - oh . I 'm in trouble . 
  I ca n't believe they would play so good . 
When my affairs with the girl I love settled positively . 
" ` They take young grandpas  Really ? 
  No problem . 
I 'm glad when I have good relations with my colleagues and most of all when we are at a party . 
" I was in a restaurant with my boyfriend when I saw my best female friend after not seeing her for .   We rejoyced" And I ' m really excited about it and there 's lots of interest    Infiltration in our lives . The illusion of so we accept their political . 
When I got my drivers licence . 
" ohwas a little worried to see the water supply diminishing so rapidly but was pleased that was enjoying herself . 
When a close friend died . 
" When   came to CAL I went to a rally on and I later learned that the rally was conducted by the cult . They were taking pictures at the rally" When I realized that we are living on borrowed time" At an undeserved attitude toward a manWhat 's new ? 
I do not recall being scared in the near past . 
" Well" After I went back to my hostel .   I closed the door and had a drinkWhen I found out that my sister had been playing with my confidential things which she had taken from my hand - bag . 
When my cousin passed away during the holidays at home .   He fell ill at and he died in the evening . 
" I had a quarrel with my father" My brother had bowel obstructionI am having a hard time at my job . 
" Because I feel tired all the time  What ? 
Not walkin up stairs because you 're afraid to trip going up .. 
A boy I had been admiring so much asked me to go out with him . 
When I was selected at TISS X. 
I 'm so angry . I feel like killing someone . 
@AaronCurry51   tells us that we 've sacrificed more than others . tells us it 's time worry about the future . & # xA;&#xA;Luke 
George drove past and felt a terrible anger replace his elation . 
@inrepose Could you give me url for live stream ? 
" He shook his head" before my wife had given birth to our twins . I felt fear in the hospital yard" I 'd be delighted to" She was interrupted by another hoarse  Could you move smoothly ? 
" He was gleeful about the idea of a Faber ` Vaudeville " " production in where he starred as a baritone singing and a song about a blue baboon . " 
" When I was about to be bitten by my friend 's dog  Oh . 
Finding out my best friend can not go to the lectures . 
When I failed one of my courses at school - the university of Zambia . 
  OK . 
" A whole crowd of us went to a folklore festival . The instructor of the cast where my boyfriend played was traveling with us . We decided to catch the train that leaved because we had business on . The instructor tried to get the upper hand and made us catch the train in spite of everythingMy best friend was not chosen for the lectures . 
getting high to balance out the lows . do n't be scared of me 
" Yes  What is it ? 
" At the funeral of a friend" She cackled" look" My guinea - pig had been ill for .   One eveningThere is nothing new in the experts spreading unwarranted alarm and despondency . 
" Oh" I feel dreadful" The veterans have become increasingly alarmed at the incidence of illness -- especially cancers amongst the" Well" When I wasAdvertisers said they were delighted to see many of their proposals reflected in the Government 's approach . 
" But was gazing at him" I love that ... I love " 
" During"" Yes" I got into a fight with one of our patrons ( at a theatre ) . He hit me and I hit him and her friendSeb reached Burford in a state of high excitement only to find that was in . 
" You just can ’ t imagine ! I waited for the bus but it was too fullnodded and stared where an ostler was trying to calm an excited horse . 
During a football game I made an offence towards an acquaintance . Later on this acquaintance also tackeled me and the game became very rude . 
" I ’ m sorry  You ’ re right . I would have to travel to the city at least once a week to go shopping and see friends . I would hate living in the country ! 
I felt angry when I was told that I had not been selected to go to the University . 
" Sitting at FSUWhen my love was not successful . 
" when my sistersI think they call this ... um ... Venting 
He turned to see alarmed faces and the atmosphere was thick with unanswered questions as he walked out . 
" This sucks . I hate buying lingerie . Okay" ?   RT @Christinerphant ECS Pre - partyBefore I got to know a girl but our relationship could not consolidate before the holiday . Therefore it was a big surprise to get a carefully hand - made present from her . - Our relationship grew closer . 
looked horrified as she caught sight of the horse dung on his hobnailed boots . 
So the company decided to cancel your trip to ? 
When my mother and father separated ( it was a brief separation and they are together now ) . 
  Exactly . 
" The children were watching TV peacefully" It was at the time of my exam  Tell me ! Tell me ! What 's your secret ? ! 
" When I watched the programme called \The living planet\ " " and saw the far reaching environmental destruction caused by man . " " " 
  I would think this was the least they could do . 
  I hope that it is not a formal one when the boss is there . 
" I hate to tell you thisThe death of my guardian with whom I had stayed when I did my grade . 
  do you have a copy of your family tree in your house ? I ’ d love to see it . 
  Thank you . So what do you think ? Would we have a good time ? 
" You 're pleased about his engagement -- he told me that some time ago -- and you ' ve as good as admitted it . " " " 
The organisation is glum about the social consequences for . 
The birth of my child . 
  I was running around the track at my college and there she was walking around the same track . 
  See you . 
" When my mother threatened me with thrushing me of the stairs  See you . 
  That ’ s fantastic . Thank you . 
Once a friend had pushed me and I had fallen on to a window which then broke .   I was taken to tthe principal 's office and he accused me of having broken the window . 
" Losing my girlfriend who made an end to our relationship . By this I lost an important source of supportSo as to be closer to the university I have left home and moved into . It now seems as if I have left home - especially my family - forever . 
" A meeting with the family and the friends I felt dear and loved" I 've told him how to do that several times" While watching TV ( a war movie )  never . 
  Did n't I ? 
  I do . We have n't watered them for quite a few days . 
" of my fellow students had bunked field work and in my attempt to cover up for him I myself was exposed" SorryWhenever I read or think about the way people treat animals and nature . 
Yet she still finds herself full of frustration and anger towards him . 
Lady Cross 's family was too grief - stricken to attend the trial . 
A horse which I had liked very much was taken away . 
Not getting a job . 
My boyfriend made me a proposal . 
" I believe such things won ’ t be realized" Well  Never mind . 
" I do n't need your helpWhen I was teased by my friend for not scoring good marks in the exams . 
" She supposed she ought to feel apprehensiveWhen thieves broke into our neighbour 's house and later we heard gunshots . 
Our only elder sister got married and started having pains in her abdomen and she was told that she could not have children . To our suprise she had a baby back . 
" is a strong supporter of  what gift ? 
  And . 
Some foreign students playing loud music before the biology exam . 
" I hope so . I 'm looking for some material for a paper I 'm writing  What face ? 
I received the message that I 'd been accepted at the school where I really wanted to go . 
  And you did n't think to leave them my cell phone ? 
  Nothing . I just feel very lonely in this city . I miss my family . 
When I was bringing in the shopping and nearly stood on a snake . 
's ( ) parents were concerned because of her severe headbanging at home . 
Insulted by disgusting people . 
My grandmother 's brother had taken active part in the resistance movement . He had been in prison many times and there he lost his health . He became an invalid . When we phoned to First Aid the nurse on duty behaved quite unkindly when she understood how old he was ( ) . 
  I 'm afraid you ca n't . 
" George felt anxious that he had had no opportunity to be alone with" To tell you the truthWhat did you say ? 
I was in a camp and went out for a walk at on my own .   I lost   my way and spent looking for the camp . 
" In the  My exam . 
" Almost crashing my car  Don ’ t touch that thermostat ! You don ’ t pay the bills around here ! 
"  No . 
Relating to my closest family . 
  Billy ... 
" I have already known that . I did n't get the scholarship  What is it ? 
  My advisor ? 
I was with my boyfriend forgetting that I had left the house unlocked . Unfortunatly a thief came and stole all the kitchen utensils . Thereafter I was afraid of the consequences . 
  Don ’ t ever mention him . I ’ m getting over it . 
I got lost in a foreign town . I did not know the language of that country and it took me to meet my friends again . 
  
Not winning a medal in the swimming contest . 
" Sounds great to me ! If they are willing" The of them started walkingHow about going to hear a country - and - western singer ? 
Waiting for my marks in a difficult subject . 
  My pleasure . 
  You can ’ t take me to jail ! What about my sleigh ? It ’ s Christmas Eve ! I have presents to deliver ! ! Prancer ! Dancer ! Get help ! 
  Bye - bye . 
When I was notified that I had been accepted as a Psychology student . 
" Paranoid ? I ’ m not paranoid ! I ’ m cautious ! You see" I suffer form a disease of my muscles . However" My favourite horse died . We had tried our best to save him" The   will be   into    and it will keep on saying  what is it ? 
are pleased to announce that the language classes for adults will continue with on from am to starting on . 
  How do you know that I didn ’ t try ? I just couldn ’ t manage it . 
I was watching television . It was about midnight when a very dear friend called saying that his father had died in an accident . 
" I ' m absolutely delighted that we achieved what we set out to do at" I get lightheaded whenever they show surgical procedures on TV  I drew a blank on the algebra test . 
The time I was threatened with expulsion from secondary school ( form ) . 
  It 's unfair . 
" I wrote a difficult Exam at one time while in my Secodary School . When the results were announced on the radio  It 's the holidays ! Everybody knows how hard it is to get tickets ! 
  Yes . 
" I don ’ t slurp my coffee . And plus  Sure . 
" That ’ s bogus . I do n't feel any stress at workHello ? 
Sadness - this is an emotion which I have felt very often recently . I ca n't remember a concrete example . I will describe my general impression from severl situations which evoked this feeling in me . 
When a good friend with whom I had an intimate relationship made clear that he did n't want to continue in the same way . He choose his girlfriend ( also a friend of mine ) . 
" ` Give overWhen I was faced with writing an essay and I did n't want to do it I was angry that I had to write an essay and angry at myself for not having the time to write a good essay . 
" A language oral testThe same as for SHAME and DISGUST . I was asked to resign my sorority which I did because I was ashamed . 
  OK . 
  It is depressing to hear the price goes higher and higher . 
" No" When` Those poor little girls must be frightened out of their minds ! 
  Why ? 
  Wait a sec . 
" When my friend promised that she would come to my place" Expressing his delight at being appointed  It 's fun . 
Getting a phone call from a very old friend . 
" During the holiday  Sure . So what about you ? Do you have any hobbies ? 
Nails became miserable with anxiety . 
  I 'm tired of your cut - and - dried opinions . Who do you think you are ! 
When I realized that it was impossible for me to be as free as I had imagined and that I could not do anything about it . 
My last genetics midterm - a decent grade . 
  I 'm worried that everything will be chaotic ! 
  I don ’ t think you ’ re right there . 
Finding out that a boy I do not like is in love with me . 
Women traditionally show their grief more than men . 
  What is it ? 
in is saddened to see the former world No 1 humbled in another comeback attempt at 
  Yes . 
" ` How pleased your uncle will be  I hope so . 
When I met my girlfriend - I had not counted on that . 
" I do feel like a trip to on such a gloomy day in" With everything" that I was close to a dead bodyThe clearly becomes very anxious about this and demands to know their business . 
Ah ! No ! Damn it ! 
  Why ? 
And even those could be put down to excessive grief at the loss of his wife . 
  Why ? 
" I understandI 'm back . 
  So am I going to see you at the party ? 
I was nearly knocked down while I was cycling . 
" If you ask meGot through semester University . 
  . 
" When I got the midterm exam results" sad about some street kids in square  Why not ? 
  Exactly ! 
I had not eaten anything for to be able to pay the fine for my fiancT. But he stayed in another town and spent in the restaurant during the same time . 
  All right . 
She nearly gasped with dismay at the shock that shivered down into her tummy . 
Alone in the house ( late 8 pm ) I heard noises . Sounded like someone was trying to get in our back door . 
  Not much . 
" Mr Smith said : ` We are mad with this programme" The grand old man of the mountains" In the house where I live there is a new flatmate . His friends unfortunately are the dirt of society  We should come here more often . 
You did n't show up to my performance ! Some kind of friend you are ! 
When my friends tried to discriminate against my friendship with certain other friends which they thought was improper . 
The housing council asked the city to cut linden trees so that the inhabitants of the lower floors would have a view to the sea . 
" He was a professional musician now  I enjoy oil painting . I learned it in one of my extra classes in college . 
" I am of directors of a company . We inherited land held by our family - ours is the generation . A democratic decision was made to stop and close an area of mangroves . " " " 
  Yeah . I heard a lot about it . Is it really that fun ? 
" I had the same feeling when I came to work here . but after a period of timeMy mother was ill and my father was not at home . 
" @LaterAllieGator fear comes when you project scenarios into the future" When my daughter gave her solo dance performance in and there was a big applauseIf you   someone tell him or her . Forget about the rules or the of looking ridiculous . 
He looked very sad . 
" You ’ re unbearable ; you can walk home  Thanks . I just got back from camp . 
  Is it the same in ? 
When I was ill and had to stay at the hospital for a period of time .  
When I qualified for form I.   I was one of the pupils who qualified for form I that year . 
" sometimes it is . But after working forWhen I went to see the result of an exam and saw that I had failed . 
I was sleeping in my room but woke in to think I could hear noises and see shadows moving . I felt that someone was in the house . 
Not doing well in an exam . 
When I was cycling past a parked car someone opened the door and nearly pushed me off my bike and into the traffic . 
" It is a long story . Basically" For a girl brought up in a home there was a certain frightening kind of excitement about medicine  I will . 
  I do n't think that I ever heard of that rule before . Any more rules that you would like to tell me about ? 
When I had a serious argument with a dear person . 
" All rightWhen I was accepted for my third year ( ) at my former secondary school . 
  I got sacked . 
" I apologize  I do n't understand of myself . It seems they have to save money . 
" The dog seems anxious to get the harness on ; indeed" When I was attending an authorized demonstration and the police rushed brutally at the demonstratorsI felt angry when my mother - in - law did not handle my daughter properly and she fell down from the bed and hurt her head . 
" Sorry to hear that" Anyway" YesWoke up to an open closet door ... & # monsters D : 
  Thank you . I begin to like even when I was a child . 
I felt indignant at this casual assumption . 
A good friend quitted me after he had behaved in a strange manner . 
" She was pleased at how low her voice wasThe impact had caused it to buck like a frightened horse . 
  Great . 
I received an unexpected on an engineering midterm . I did not study nearly as much as I should have and it was a difficult test . 
" I met a dear friend of mine after a long time .   I expressed my feelings in our own usual way" I was in a comfortable place  sure . 
From the fact that my husband and I are not in good terms . 
" I feel anger when I see a \parent\ " " beating and punishing his child in the street . Recently I was a witness of a similar case . " " " 
dear   pls watch the   game and stare @ every Caps players like the time u froze your food by just staring # 
  Ok . 
When I almost walked on a snake . 
" SorryI ' m delighted that you ' ve been able to come along at such short notice . 
Have we met ? 
  Fine . 
He 's just happy to get on with it . 
Suddenly found out that I was the lasr one to leave the anatomy room . 
  Who knows ! 
When I was selected to the university of Zambia . 
  What ? 
I am pleased that they have responded very positively . 
" ` He was depressed and has suffered a great deal of mental anguish . " " " 
  it 's ok . It seems we have a lot in common . 
I was so sad when I heard that my had passed away . He was the only man who was supporting my parents as well as myself . 
  I wish everything in life was so simple . Thank you . 
" I feel like going for a drinkcheating for gold medals . 
" Many of the latecomersI enjoyed his excitement with politics . 
When I was admitted to the University . 
Hello ? 
  Good idea . 
  Really ? 
We are very concerned to learn of any shortfall in standards and this is why we want to hear from you if you encounter any problems . 
  He is cute . What dose he do ? 
I was very sad when I had to leave persons with whom I had a very intense relationship I also had to leave the environment which was part of this . 
I had the most terrifying experience doing laundry . So terrible I 'm not going to do it . I literally feel like a crazy person . 
" is my motivationShe said : ` Do n't be cross with them . 
  Yes . How about you ? 
Tenn and Ole Miss declined to play . 
" It sure is . He has no one to turn toMembers requested the committee 's sorrow that the work had begun without permission should be passed on to the county council . 
When my husband and I spent a night by ourselves in a house which was in an area on the outskirts of a large town with which we were   not familiar .   We   heard strange noises outside the house and the   house had glass walls so the whole thing was even more frightening . 
" A time when" No  It is such a nice place . 
When I was travelling home by bus and suddenly the bus hit and the bus leaned against a wall . 
  It 's leap my mind . I really feel terrible about it . 
" OK" She is furious at the betrayal ; and supporters of the sacked prime ministerI felt sad when my boyfriend and I left each other . It was neither his fault nor mine . 
  I 'll tell you all about it . 
  Please accept my deep apology . 
The weather in is just beautiful ! 
When I saw a large spider crawling up the wall . 
" Well" do me a favorI ca n't stand the stupid guy any longer . It ' s unbelievable ! 
An old woman was violently thrown down the stairs of the tube by a group of louts . 
I had to bike home all alone after a party . Then I found out that I was pursued by a man in a car . 
Why are you shivering ? 
" When I heard that a close relative of mine had given birth at a very young ageI went to the cinema to see a film in which I was interested .   On arriving there I saw a long queue ( which I had not expected ) and went back home without seeing the film . 
" A man was yelling outside my window at am" Back in his officeI was walking down a road and suddenly a few dogs appeared at a fence and started barking angrily .   They were jumping and it seemed that they would come for me any time . 
" When nobody could rouse him from his trailerLandlords were not pleased to find that their apartment blocks had overnight become the property of the tenants . 
  What is it ? 
" \Boy  Why not ? 
Telling my parents that I did not well in an exam . 
" The president was said to be miffed when the administration refused his request for a state visit at" I received a phone call from a high school friend whose younger sister studied with me at the University and gave me a lift every morning . She was going to get married to a guy whom I knew too and who had died when he fell from a building  He is not answering . You 'd better check his pulse and breathing . 
When I was selected to come here . 
I felt joy when I passed my . 
  Yes . 
I felt very sad when my son died after a short illness . 
  Fine . 
" Yeah ! Where there is a willFinding out I am not good looking . 
My father promoted to be a professor . 
  Did it ? 
He tells us that we 've sacrificed more than others . tells us it 's time worry about the future . & # xA;&#xA;Luke 
" I was almost caught in the girls hostel by the security menCome on in . I am so glad you are here . We have been expecting you . 
" It is things like that which are really destructive to writers" I was fearful when I realised that the relish was overcooked simply because I was not keen enough at checking whether there was still enough water in the relish or not  Just get over here ! 
Ahaha ! ! I do n't talk TOO much just Dominate ! !   @MrFranklin101 : WE READY ! ! @OctaviusJRum @michielthomas : the @Jamizzi   quiet 
We are through . 
  Is there something any need ? 
  There is a coffee shop round the corner . Can you see that big building at the end of the road ? 
Fuck all of y' all we ignore feelings here 
" HaI did n't get the job I wanted . 
I 'm frustrated . 
" Okay" A child" The anguished princess" I ' m always happy when I ' m wearing trousers and a jacket that covers my bum ! " " " 
" While playing a ball game  Sounds hard . 
@brandonw92 Oi Xmas hold surely we b2b [ rec ] and [ rec]2   usingcorrectpunctuationfordramatic effect 
" When I saw a good male friend unexpectedly after a year"" my brother died in an accident . When I heard about it@ChuckTaylor18 @JonnyQuest23 going to see a friend 's band play in .   # tequila # tokillya 
Being stopped by the police for a traffic offence which I do n't think I committed . 
  Why ? 
Failing an examination . 
Thanks all the hard work . Ca n't wait rewatch on dvd when available . 
  I really do n't want to know about this . Physics gives me a headache . 
in a crossroad somebody crashed my car . I got out and this person laughed at me . I felt such a great anger that I got in my car and went away . 
" She stillGot in touch with earlier friends after a long absence . 
" Welllooked offended but continued . 
One time I was injured when I was playing football at in . I was brought to the hospital while my leg was totally swollen . The x - rays confirmed there was no fracture but collection of blood n the muscles . I feared when they started to incise the swollen part with surgical blade . 
Had a nice letter from my close friend . 
  That ’ s so unfair ! 
He was petrified of the clippers at . 
" ` ` We feel at this point actually quite exhilaratedI was told by a good friend that we could n't be friends any more because of his relationship with another girl . 
is also miffed by 's plan to visit the walled of east without Mayor . 
You are afraid and full of excitement at thoughts of what you might find . 
During labour when the foetal sounds became faint and there was a big alert for a forceps delivery . 
So we 're quite excited about it and also it 's quite a major problem . 
" After seeing a horror film - Omen .   I could not sleep at   even though I closed my eyes .   The last scene of the film kept coming back to me" My grandfather diedI feel anger when somebody forbids me to do something . 
" YesI was alone walking in a deserted part of the city and I had some fear that some men would attack me and rob me . 
" Just like trippers heading for" No problemA younger brother of a good friend of mine died ( asthma ) . 
  Yes ? 
I was angry at my boyfriend who had promised to come to see me but did not because he spent with his pals . 
When they told me that I had been admitted to the faculty of medicine . 
Finding out in your lecture that a doctor can make misdiagnoses because of ignorance in neuropsychology . 
  I hope so . 
When I entered University . 
When someone close to me is travelling by car and is delayed . 
  I ’ Ve got some bad news . All the plans sent over to have been rejected . We ’ re going to have to start from scratch . 
I was scolded by my mother for no reason . 
I can see you 're pleased with yourself ` 
" Oh  Really ? How long have you been playing the violin ? 
" The day I received the key of my apartment and we could enter in itWhen another fellow worker decided to leave the company . We had been very close and we would not be able to work with eachother any longer . 
When I attended my cousin 's birthday . 
Death of grandmother . 
When I was admitted to . 
On the scenic railway at the fairground . 
When the parents of my girlfriend gave permission to spend our holiday together . 
  That 's my favorite . 
He gave swift look at her horrified expression before continuing . 
  All right . Say cheese ! 
When I almost drowned myself in the municipal swimming pool that I use to go almost not excaping . 
The wind just sounded like a woman SCREAMING . helterskelter 
  I mean it ’ s not his fault . 
When my uncle died . 
  Sure . Where shall I meet you ? 
  I said sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you . 
" Looking up end - of - semester results" SorryDo you want to go to the beach ? 
Hearing my girlfriend accept my offer of marriage . 
  Thank you . 
" He just stays in the kitchen and watches you . BeforeI feel so sad with gone . 
My neighbour was not able to set his car in motion because it had snowed heavily . I helped him - he was thankful and invited me . 
" When I was walking down the streetI turn and I see nobody but my shadow still keep my heart asking . I just got paranoid over his own dark side ! 
When my studies are too demanding and I can not cope with it . 
" sat silent through this speechWhen my B.A results had not come . 
I could not find my tickets for the bus when I was on the bus . 
  I was sick . 
" He predicted ` deep dismay in" I worked with several classmates on a project .   I was very anxious about the project while my partners showed no concern   and when we had meetings on the project my classmates   did not pay any attention .   Some of them read books while the others argued on irrelevant questions .   The meeting would go on for without the main theme being discussed .   We wasted time and could not reach a compromise .   My classmates avoided doing the work and the responsibilities" As told me : ` remained very loyal to it" I finished the relationship with my boyfriend" I   myselfSaw my unfair report . 
Obscene phone call where the person knew my name . 
" I was accused of having done something" Mr Patten" ` We are at our wits ; end here " "  Not now . 
" I 'm sorry" Even the Prince of  What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gon na quit smoking . 
" OK  I see . 
Often a dog which is treated very badly by his owner comes to us . 
  Who 's ? 
" leaned forwardThe begining of my relations with my current girlfriend . 
I think its funny @ThatBoyDMcKee will call me bout the lakers but wo nt answer when we tryna hoop hmm 
"" In the underground 's escalator" No" When I was travelling by tram  I don ’ t know anything about the bills or laws they ’ re trying to pass . 
" Somehow she rose over her excitement" Feeling oddly bereft and desolate  See you . 
Receiving a much wanted letter from a very good friend who lives abroad . 
When I argue with my mother about the way she treats her children differently . 
" OhHow does it make someone like a woman who has just had an abortion feel having to go to a lavatory to express her grief in tears ? 
" It was a mixture of amusement and exasperation with her friend" not afraid of  . 
  Not funny . 
When my grandmother died . 
" My parents called . As usualI got a fairly large amount of my taxes back . 
" When I saw the film \Johnny got his gun\ " " which deals with the consequences of . " " " 
His amusement at the scene was rekindled . 
" Her fingers tightened on his handsWhen my older sister told us that she was thinking of joining the rest of the family for the winter sports holiday . 
  Yeah ? 
Why are you arresting me ? 
  Oh yeah ? 
" When I was dreaming that I was being chasedDay 2 of my brother 's stay in emergency .   whatstheanswer pleasadmithim 
" They were supposed to  my boss has been breathing down my neck all day . I ca n't wait for the weekend ! 
@darleeen23 everytime I come home from work at nite I sprint to the house . 
" In a confrontation with a person" I can not stop coughing" In fact I expect he 'll be mad I ' ve told you that much . " " " 
  Is he ok ? 
" I 'm sorryWhen I saw that my bed at the hostel was a mess I guessed that someone else had used my daily necessities .   I felt that my   personal sanity had been affected . 
When my father bought me a suit . 
" cast one happy glance at the dawning delight on the other faces  I have n't even told you what it is yet ! 
When I lost the person who meant the most to me . 
Look out ! 
" One day I was near homeYet they were not downhearted . 
" The ready availability of a screening questionnaire that mothers at risk can complete under supervision in is potentially usefulIt was in that I was chosen to come to this to study as a Medical Assistant . 
When I was selected for the university . 
  Not yet . 
  But I still love you . 
  I simply ca n't bear your barbaric behavior . 
" In reality" Even falling asleep as he was  You 're such a wimp ! You 're afraid of an eyelash curler . 
  Absolutely not ! I 'm not a thief . 
grew even crosser as it became obvious that had been invited in his own right . 
" Look" NoWe had fixed time for practice as we had to participate in the inter - department song contest .   I arrived and found that there was nobody there .   When I went to the canteen I found them eating lunch .   I was so angry that I aired my greviances to of them and then left . 
I was forced to leave an unforgettable friend . 
  Yup . 
They wanted me to pay for a ticket twice because they said that the one I had was out of date . 
  It always hurts . I hate going . 
When I did bad on a chamistry midterm which I could have done well . 
I said I thought felt resentful because the novels had n't made more money . 
My sister and brother in law returned from where they adopted a child . I went to pick them up at the airport . 
  Why not ? 
  Sure . 
I felt it when I received a letter telling that I had been classified in a national concourse of p ... I felt happy and vanity about it . 
@CHancock1992 all right mate wanna buy a tv ? fuckin do alien # imthrowinstonesatyouman do nt ring me again with that kinda bullshit 
  That 's true . You can hear my tummy grumbling . I am really hungry ! 
" While skiing in  Nothing . 
" I 'm sorry" I felt frustratedI wanted to borrow lecture notes from a friend and he did not lend me them . 
" He seemed pleased to remind us of yet more evidence of 's humming modernity" Well . It 's not all my fault  Fine ! I want a divorce ! 
Hello . 
When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a kindergarten . 
  I will . 
  No wonder you say is a crazy language . 
I saw a man who had had a heart - attack and who was being treated for it .   I feared that my own father could have been there . 
  And his story did n't even hold together . I feel such an idiot . 
I 'm afraid I forgot to lock the door . 
" Just an animal ? But it has life too . If you want a tattooWhen a good friend of me told me that she did n't want to live anymore . 
After of hard work and having suffered many changes I passed my last exam . 
  What do you mean by us . 
  It 's no good . And I think spending each day playing computer games is a waste of time . You might as well do something healthy and meaningful . 
I had taken the responsibility to do something and I had prepared for it .   However I failed because of my timidity .   After attempts I still could not adapt to the atmosphere and failed as before .   I felt imcompetent and felt that the others would think that I had not prepared for it . 
My boat running into another boat . 
  Sorry . The road is too crowded . 
  I could n't agree with you more . 
  I ’ m sorry that you didn ’ t get in . 
When I learnt that my close friend was going to immigrate . 
When a thief broke into my house at night . 
" Yes" When I dived among sharks and the brightly coloured fish on the outer reef ofCongratulations on the new house ! 
" I experienced this when one of my friends reported to the Headmaster that I had gone out for beer  What is it ? 
I dnt open up a lot to my partner as much as I should .. is letting my guard down and yu not gaf and hurt me reason why I dnt get attatched 
Death of my grnadfather after having been in hospital for so long with cancer of the Oesophagus . 
" Honey  I 'm done . 
A friend of mine called me when I was not at home .   I phoned her back to know what she wanted and she told me that she had dialled the wrong number . 
" When my room - mate locked me out deliberatelyStrachan was alarmed at the way the defence manhandled the front - runner and got away with it . 
" In spite of her grief at being parted from her cousinsDisappointed by a friend . 
" Well it was to 4" Just before we were to go upstairs to be photographed  Yes . 
  But nobody uses ! 
" I went home all alone from a restaurant . It was darkI feel fear quite often but this feeling was very strong when my husband was quite unexpectedly sent to the hospital . 
" In when I was in the standard  But I lost the chance . 
" The bull tossed the effigy out of their hands and became very infuriated . " " " 
  That 's great . What 's on ? 
  Yes . 
" ` I ' m too miserable to eat . " " " 
  He doesn ’ t lift a finger ! I bend over backwards cleaning up all day and he sleeps in until . 
Before an exam in logics . 
  Nothing . 
  No . 
  Who ? 
I won a sport contest . 
  ok ! I ’ ll bring one to you next time . 
  How unlucky ! Let ’ s pack our bags and go home . 
Once I failed seven subjects at school and I was terrified to give my report card to my father .   I left it on the table and went to bed very early in order to avoid him seeing me . 
" How often do parents say in exasperation" There 's nothing that can be done . Everything is gone . I wish I could tell you differently" My father resigned from workI have tickets to The Phantom of the on . Would you like to go ? 
My stomach 's growling again ! 
When I passed successive exams to enter the school of medicine . 
  sure . 
Getting separated from my girlfriend . 
winning the Olympic games . 
  Oh dear ! What a pity ! Are you sure you lost the wallet in the theatre ? 
" But do I take delight in pushing you downWhen my boyfriend told me that it would be difficult for him to marry me . 
  No . 
When I heard that I had passed my final examination at school ( with success ) . 
  ok . 
Once a week I work as a volunteer in a biologic garden . this work in the garden and the contact with other volunteers filled me with joy . They also gave me support after I failed passing my driver 's test . 
" When you are far away from relatives and friends . I feel sad for my early yearsIt showed some women in a northern town at ; they were standing under an advertisement for tea and seemed depressed . 
  Yes . 
Every day they became more miserable . 
  I had a terrible quarrel with my neighbor . 
" Upon recovering" The sense of relief that the had ` let us all painlessly off the hook " " was immediately replaced by a despondency at the Government 's response . " 
As a I was at the funeral of my grand - father .   It was more the ceremonies held in the church and not really the death of my grand - father which made me sad . 
A good friend of mine died . During the funeral I felt an intense feeling of sadness . 
  It was a great idea to spend a day watching a game . 
  That ’ s weird . 
  There was no reason for them to arrest me . 
I struggled with and # anxiety for that prevented me from learning to drive . Finally got my license . honesty 
  Do you want to borrow my coat ? I have a black coat that would look smashing on you . 
  Why ? 
" Once I was caught by thugs agedWhen my mother interfered in my life . 
Girl I was fond of did not initiate conversation as I expected in tutorial . 
" little children ( ) begging for money  No problem . 
  Thank you . 
" When I am discussing something with a person and I realize that the other person is thinking over her own argumentations instead of listeningI have high expectations for my future but if I pursue the subject in this manner I will not attain this . 
  That 's really interesting . 
" That is encouraging" The time I lost a badminton match" Good" This was when the girl I was in love with accepted my proposal and everything went smoothlyCould I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . 
My grandfather 's death . 
" Thenceforward I was always wanting to take the joys of solitude and of society in their extreme forms  That 's all . 
After training for an championship competition for and then injuring myself before the competiotion . 
When my sister was very ill and was admitted to the hospital . 
" When my sister left to go home" Yeah" Hi" OKAn hour before receiving the certificate results I was very frightened .   When I saw others crying I felt very tense and as time went by my fear grew . 
When my grandfather died . 
  I like the way that the gifts I get increasingly more lavish . 
` We are not happy that the group is meeting and will demand an explanation from the . 
  Certainly . 
This feeling was quite deep when my friend ( girl ) died in a car accident . 
" And out of the dark woods came the black man" My girlfriend one day went out and promised to be back at however she arrived at  Why ? 
" When" The challenge was accepted and amidst cheers from a group of inebriated local husbands  Look at that big tree over there . 
I was sitting on the bus coming back from school . A man from sat beside me . After a while I looked at him and saw that he was looking at me with opened throusers and holding his penis . 
  That 's good . Do you live near here ? 
" My mother died of cancer after a illness - I think the most pregnant moment of sadness was  You 're right . Lifelong learning is about finding learning opportunities at all ages and in numerous contexts 
" At the weekend I wanted to be absent from school because of a sports event" There is a boy who I love very much . I asked him to have dinner with meI remember that my form 2 teacher was very fierce and dogmatic .   My feet would tremble whenever I saw her but I had to face the fact that I had to go for her class . 
" Well" Then" After this she ceased to blame herself for the breakdown of their marriage  Yes . Why ? 
When I took my entrance exams successfully and also when I got my school leaving certificate because the delivering ceremony was extremely official . 
" I was terribly upset when my kitten got hit by a car . He did n't die" By this time  I have n't gone to the interview yet . It 's . I am so nervous . 
and get miffed because her establishment will replace of their favorite hang - outs . 
  Curse this oven ! it ! 
  I was told my girlfriend was speaking ill of me . That ’ s a real let - down . 
I had the window open and the door was shut so that the kitten would not go out .   My partner came in and started talking about something and I forgot about the window and suddenly I saw the kitten hanging from the window frame . I was rigid with fright till I got hold of her . 
  . 
I was furious when the teacher pointed out in class that I was the quietest girl in class . 
  . 
" HeyShut up ... Billy ... BILLY ! 
  Are you crazy ? You made the mistake and now you 're charging me for your mistake ? 
  Really ? 
" ` Can I help you ? " " she askedThat was what I felt when I was finally accepted in after I had applied . 
  Would you please write your name on this list ? 
Finding out that the person I love understands me . 
" is a contented artist until he receives an enigmatic note fromThe concert was really great . 
  See you ! 
" But that ai n't how it worksFinding out that I am not ill ( not seriously ) . 
A colleague asked me for some advice and as he did not have enough confidence in me he asked a person . 
My brother is a soldier . He promised to come home in a furlough but in the last moment he phoned and said that he could not come . 
Lily shot a quick horrified look up and down the road . 
When I received a message that my brother was seriously ill and was in hospital . 
" Following an argument with my brother  I 'm very sorry to hear that . 
  You said she used to ? How did you stop her ? 
  Bummer . I guess we 're both out of luck . 
  Yes . 
"  . 
@JennaLaineBucs yes if they can run the ball and not get beat deep ! We should win !" Being insulted in front of my parents  Sorry . We must n't stop here . 
Loss of close relative . 
  Yeah ! Why not ? They are trendy and look great ! I want to get a dragon on my arm or maybe a tiger on my back . 
After listening to ghost stories with my classmates I had to back alone to the hostel at night .   I had to walk through a long and quiet road and I was scared of meeting a ghost . 
  really ? Who do you chat with ? 
" YeahHe also was miffed that organizers did not contact enough players before going public . 
  Are you serious ? That will be wonderful ! 
bit her lip in vexation . 
" She picked up a pen and drew a line through the service charge" But when he stepped up on to the conductor 's rostrum for the opening production of a new seasonPeople hunting animals . 
" A miffed headWhy did n't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? 
Waking in morning ( early morning ) and having whole day to myself . 
" No" LookWhen I heard that a good friend had committed suicide . 
" I felt a physical fear" I forgot what I put up with . In that case" YesFinding out that my grandfather had died . He lived in and I had not seen him for . 
  OK . 
He had n't sounded very pleased about something -- that made of them . 
  Look at me . I look so old ! I look as if I were thirty . 
  Thank you . I am very excited . 
  OK . 
When he wondered this he felt a deep sadness . 
I learned that my girlfriend had been unjustly missed from work . 
" Oh  Very good . 
When I was admitted to a certain school as a student . 
  And why are you yarning now ? Are you bored ? 
" I met a girl some time ago and I cared very much about her but it happened so that we left each other . I felt some sort of sadnesswould fly in to issue instructions to an increasingly disconsolate staff and would pay the bills . 
It was when I was allowed to take my wife away from her parents after being refused for times on grounds that she should write her examination . 
" Estrangement from my best woman friend .   We have been going different ways for quite some time now  Then we ’ ll have to put up with it . 
" A friend of mine was hospitalized after having been diagnosed as having typhoidIt 's an ugly day . 
My partner left me after we had been together for a long time . 
After at a seminar I saw my husband again . I hurried home hoping he would be there . We embraced - I enjoyed feeling his body . 
" Behind the scenes" I believe that was a wedding present to both of us" You know" I was and swimming outside the flags at . I was caught in a rip and taken out m. I could n't swim too well" When after an overwhelming anxiety and enquiry  My pleasure . Have you seen the movie yet ? 
  And my writing is not good . I feel so frustrated . 
" beat her adopted daughter with a chair after finding out about her affair withWe are repainting rooms in my house . My mother started to enact plans to paint my room without consulting me . 
" They 'd had a skinful so were n't in a particularly noticing mood but they saw and heard nothing  So what ? 
  Good bye . 
" I see . Oh" I 've seen it so many times in booksSome of the house servants were missing and everybody looked frightened . 
" After my car accident" Being reunited with my family after not having seen them forWhen I learnt that I could do further studies at the university . 
Motor failure on a boat outside when we were in heavy   seas and the wind was strong .   As we could not steer the boat we drifted towards the rocks .   We did not succeed in attracting the attention of any passerby until had elapsed . 
  I thought so . I felt dizzy . 
Being asked to go out by someone I care . 
When I drove partially across the country with my father . We stopped in a few towns and stayed overnight in motels . The joy I got was from the feedom I felt and the real beauty of the country . 
  Yes . 
  Why don ’ t you try to be clearer about your intentions ? 
" During his fishing time though it was sheer delight for him  Again ! 
  My condolences . 
  The weather report says it 's going to rain for . 
" There was a woman who wanted me to call her mother" Nearby my wife and I were having a car ride  Yes . 
" Well  Goodbye . 
Doing well in the exam . 
When my mother quarrelled with my aunt over me . 
  Mom ! ! ! Please . All my friends have had it for . 
" When my father managed to begin a \new life\ " " after the divorce from my mother ; resulting in a new little sister for me . " " " 
  Not at all . 
" When a friendI do n't know what I can do now . I 'm down and out . 
When my parents did not let me go on a study tour . 
" Her ladyship looked frightened" I was spending my summer holidays in a village .   My friend and I were coming back from a discotheque at night and we heard a noise from an alley .   We were very scared and we got into my friend 's house .   A moment later" I had to give up my loveJenny sat with a contented smile on her face during this interchange while mother repressed her irritation and anger with her husband 's remarks . 
" At having an argument with a stranger  You ’ Ve got to be kidding me ! You ’ re complaining about me talking on the phone when you go out for a cigarette break times a day to shoot the breeze ? 
  Why not ? 
  . I did n't even know it was coming . He just told me he found someone else . 
" Although this is hardly the headhunter 's faultWhen I was involved in a traffic accident . 
" The boss sounded agitated when I spoke to him over the phone . " " " 
  I 'm not flattering you . You ' re full of energy every day . 
" Oh  She said it was because we had very different ideas about life . 
" I want to go fishing  I ’ m down in spirits . 
Movement in bush late at while camping . 
" Overjoyed at the prospectWhen my sister broke my china tea set . 
  I guess so . 
I received the mid - term exam paper of of my major subjects and I found that I had failed it . 
I walked in on a teenage patient of mine ( I work in a hospital ) as he was going through my office drawers and he had removed money from my purse . 
  Do you have a subscription ? 
Finding out that I was deceived by a friend . 
" Your eyesight 's not good enough" With that attitudeMeddlesomeness of my mother about the way I live . She thinks I am to free in my behavior for instance when a boyfriend stays the night . 
  Why not ? 
" Yeah` He was livid . 
When my father a 4th/5th generation colonial ( from Eng . ) attacked me verbally about my chosen partner . A man whom he discarded because his colour skin was not white . His ultimate disgust saddned me . 
  What you said gives me the creeps ! 
" I want to have a picnic with my friends" ` Was it sad because its mummy was nasty to it ? " " he said . " 
" And times a weeklooked at and saw a frozen expression of horror on her face . 
  Are you going to have a birthday party ? 
  After you . 
" A person with whom I had been on bad termsWhen I thought that my high school love and I had a mutual emotion . 
" dark night with no street lightsHis comments are a major diplomatic gaffe as the has supported the region in its disquiet over the 's decision to begin an investigation . 
  What ? 
  I 'll certainly try to help you . What topic is your paper on ? 
I don ’ t know what I ’ m going to do ! It ’ s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job ! 
" Sorry  It must be a haunted house . Are you frightened ? 
The day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university . 
It was a revelation after the pain of trotting and was cross when brought it to an end . 
  That 's no problem . He just has a friend who works in a shop that can do plastic wrap . That 's easy . And probably it 's the same shop he got the boxes from . Maybe his friend works in an electronics store . They sell video cameras there . Probably they had a couple video camera boxes lying around . So they get the idea of wrapping bricks to sell to fools like you . a brick . That 's a good profit if they can sell enough bricks . 
" When  Yes . You look very smart . 
Mugged while on holiday in the 
When my ex - boyfriend and I separated . 
" He was concerned that parents would want to see their children doing ` real " " mathsStaying alone in the room after midnight and reading horror stories . 
She 's really riled now . 
  For What ? 
" Once my friend and I got into into a hot discussion on a very controversial topic .   At point of the argument I disagreed with her totally and I took what she was saying as an insult .   So I couter - argued and unknowingly hurt her emotionallyWhen I was walking around all alone at night . 
" More usually it left him ashamed and angry" Why don ’ t you marry Rose" I kept trying to get back to his lugubrious face  Have they set a date for the wedding ? 
Failed an exam . 
When I heard that I had passed and was selected to go for Secondary education . 
  I don ’ t think they are right . I have tried my best and that 's enough . It is unfair that they are always saying these thing . Sometimes I even feel deeply hurt . 
" During that followed 's hasty departureWhen I was walking along a road alone on my way to go shopping . 
Anger towards my lover for being late . 
" I knowI swear I will never shop at a street market in . It 's a terrible place full of excellent profiteers ! You have to keep an eye whenever it comes to paying for something . 
When I learnt that my brother - in - law had been poisoned by his friends and that he was dead . 
  Yes . I ’ Ve won the prize in the math contest . 
  Thank you ! 
  I see . who ’ s the head of your household ? 
" Her face must have registered dismay at having to tell Peter what had happenedWhen I was with someone I love . 
  Why not ? 
" OhThe breakup of a relationship . After the event I was upset / sad then angry maybe . 
" When I was caught by the police and was kept with a group of delinquents  So are you ! How about another coffee ? 
" ` In my youth " "  Passed . 
  I love this art exhibition ! 
They talk about the sadness of departure ; what about the guilt of arrival ? 
" WellI experience that feeling when I am insulted without deserving it or when someone deceives me . 
" That was soon after the results of the interview which nearly 9" I had this experience of fear when few people were fighting atFinding out I was chosen for the lectures . 
" Yes  She 's . 
When someone lies to me . 
" Getting my kitten" Where ever resides at in your life move in that direction with boldness ! The more u goMy father gave me money for school fees and I did n't pay school fees instead I spent it on beer and did not tell him about this . 
  It does n't look good at all . 
" Yikes ! you are jokingwas getting exasperated . 
" atI made a long - distance call to people rather close to me and I thought about the sad incident that had happened to them in the near past ; I knew that they were thinking about it too when I made the call . 
" A fall during a climb" sure  Try me . 
  What ? 
  What did you think you were doing ? 
" And  I ’ m definitely taking them to court . 
Hate snakes so much ca n't even watch them on tv 
" Hi" ` I ' m not particularly worried if players do n't scoreWhen my parents got divorced . 
  Stalls . 
The was infuriated . 
" I wanted to get in contact with a girl I lovedWhen my parents drove me to a nearby place and went home immediately instead of waiting .   They could have easily waited . 
" I think he was in a hurry and was cross about being stopped" wowAt one I received a phone call telling me that my mother had been knocked down by a car at the street crossing and that her husband should go and see her .   I could not believe this as my father and my mother had gone out together to buy lunch boxes .   However I immediately ran to the scene of the accident . 
  That 's wonderful ! 
It was in when of my fellow students borrowed my wristwatch and after sometime he broke a glass of that watch I got angry when he was telling me but the anger did n't take long to fade . 
@iHoldDownBoogie No Is Here ! ( ) 
" Yes  It is ? 
" ` 's delight in made your mother very happy" After I was thrown out of a car in an accident" I lived in a student - house" ` To be honestFinding out about people can go mad for social reasons . 
When I noticed that I do many things to the pregiudice of myself . 
When they told me that my grandfather was rather ill . 
Fear when fulfilling my obligations on my first night fatigue duty as a soldier . 
  I really enjoy the beach in . 
I was happy to hear that my sister had won a prize at running competition . 
" To be able to prepare myself better for an important examination" So I got veryWhen I was reprimanded by the manager of the hotel where I worked during . 
Bonjour ! 
" Sorry@Ginza1986 @Smitty_bhoy Haha i do n't like seeing that bear sober 
My son was registered to get admission in grade of the          primary school .   The chances of him getting a place there was .   I was informed that he had been enrolled . 
" JennyHow are you ? 
" Again  Sorry . It is the smallest size we have . 
  How was it ? 
" Her shoulders were slumped and she was walking slowly" I 'm sorry" SureAt school teacher for not allowing us to go out on when on a class trip overseas . 
I felt something close to that when I saw that there was a man on the terrace of the flat . 
Do you often buy magazines ? 
" I Am not afraid of  Good . 
Wow ! I ca n't believe I 'm standing here ! 
" How could I help but follow it ? The fluctuation of dollar is killing my company ! The exchange rates are eating into our profits" Spending the nitht with close friends" In this he resembled atWhen my father was imprisoned for burning the house of his younger brother . 
  I think it 's bleeding . 
" Losing close people and animals . So farpublic speaking . 
  Right . 
  not just working experience . I would say the biggest lesson I learned is how to deal with people from all walks of life . 
  There is nothing good at the moment . Let ' s do something different . Would you like to go to a concert ? 
Being invited out by a person I wished to get closer to . He telephoned and invited me to go out with him the next night . 
's mouth kicked up at corner in a wryly amused smile . 
When I heard a lion roar for the time . 
" My episode of fright happened when I came to study .   I had to stand in front of my still unknown fellow students and talk about myself .   My hands shookI was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected for a University course . 
" Oh" Jacob  Is . a good time for you ? 
  He makes me nervous . He looks at me funny . And he never buys anything ! 
  For what ? 
" My best friend started moving out with my boyfriend . When I heard this my heart sank because I did n't expect that my own good friend could do such a thing  I 'll never again come to your side ; I am turn away now and ca n't return . 
D.H. And no criticism of the drugs or medical regime because they 're too frightened . 
@Cash_Cream @malcSF u do nt wanna lose to is that what it is ... scared money do nt make no money ... Cash 
Driving my family any where is no fun ! ! 
When I was told that they had got tickets for me for a film marathon I wanted to see . 
" Ok . I will wait until you have had your fun  What is it ? 
  Yes . I like cooking very much . I got this hobby when I was sold . 
  But she did and made me disappointed . 
" Sure" In his meeting withcould imagine their anger at being forced into another emergency manoeuvre . 
  Bye . 
" There were rumours of anger among the grain farmersYou know you 're scared when you have every single light on in your apartment and do n't even notice it ! 
  I want to try something exciting . 
" But when he saw the wind boisterous" When my grandfather whom I had met only once for  Why do you like it ? 
Deliberately provoked by someone close . Angered by the deliberation not the provocation . 
I had arranged with a friend to go with him to by car . We had arranged a place where to meet . I was a bit late and my friend had left already . I had no money to go by train . I nearly started to cry because I was so angry - it was very important for me to go to . 
  That sounds so interesting . I wish I learned a hobby . 
  . 
  I got carried away . I made such a fool of myself . They were both laughing at me ! 
Mr was so furious about Mr Delors ' interference that he resigned his post . 
" MeCan we talk ? 
" I like this :-) I love " 
" I could n't wait for the pictures to come outEvery country should face the history . 
  Of course I know that . But do n't you notice that the house price is skyrocketing ? 
  I might just ! Enjoy your stupid game ! 
My girlfriend started singing ( she can not sing ) and did not stop despite my asking her to do so . 
  I am not in the mood . 
We were driving on a very dusty road at and the driver tried to overtake a very big truck only to find another big truck parked right in front . 
" Yes  I just lost my job . My boss just told me . 
" I heard that a friend had died in an accident ; group situation : suddenly a friend came in and said \Have you already heard that ... \ " " ; there was a terrible consternation  Maybe . 
  You have to go and fix it . 
  you can say that again ! He wo n't even let us check our personal email at work ! 
" I was caught doing something I was not supposed to do .   I did something with the person who caught me ( bribe ) and even though he promised not to report me" InBut he was sniffily dismayed at their delight in consumerism and sheep - like attitude to the reactionary rubbish in the papers . 
What ? 
" At cars ! You are n't thinking about buying a carBeing slandered by friends . 
  Why not ? 
" Goodbye  Is it full ? 
I 'm really in a flap about the interview . 
Get changed ! 
" With a wideWhen I lost my father in a car accident . 
  Hmm . Do women usually work after they get married ? 
Saw a father beating up his small child . 
  I do ? 
" I would love to hear the birds singing and feel the fresh breeze on my face . When the wind blows in the cityWhen my brother died . 
" back" Salesmen were still tramping the aisles of the carriagesThe very idea is preposterous and I was overjoyed to see that you believed me . 
The participants in folk dance can and certainly do show elation . 
" He looked up" Yes  Are you done ? 
  Thank you . 
When I learnt that I had been accepted at the medical school . 
I felt fear when my aunt and left me alone at their house to look after the baby when they went to a party . 
When I found our my mother did n't have cancer . 
" When we were going to last the vehicle was moving very fastCould not find my way out in the college building at night . 
Her excitement shone in her eyes as she showed him her sketches . 
" Not bad .When I had my children . 
Where is John ? I ca n't find him anywhere . 
The day I got a letter from the informing me that I had been awarded the junior research fellowship . 
  I am not ! 
My best friend could not get into university . 
  Details ? 
" If refused" Angry at being separated from JeanneAn inter - college basket - ball match . 
" In a lowI felt angry when I failed in an exam about which I knew quite a few things and I did not deserve to be plucked . 
When my friend ( girl ) promised to help me go to the hospital and be examined by good experts and she deceived me . 
I preached to a students in a gospel camp .   They thus knew more about God and made up their minds to believe in Jesus . 
When you say something and you pray the person do n't hear 
" I was in . We were attacked with mortars" My birthday celebrationWhen my boss enrolled in a course to satisfy his own ends - to trample on his associates .   I have the misfortune to have one of my superiors in my course . 
" Strangely  I just got off the phone with my boyfriend . He is always getting upset and losing his temper over nothing . It ’ s so hard to talk to him at times . 
I was very sad when I heard about the death of my teacher who taught me in Standard 8 . 
" I know ... I know ... it 's all my fault . I feel awful that I didn ’ t studyNothing happened -- not that she 'd really thought anything would -- although there was a nervous tingle in her fingers . 
Somebody wanted to beat my brother at a wedding ceremony and I was trying to protect my brother but the other man was calling names to both of us . 
" When my grandfather died I was extremely sad .   However my family members did not have any special feelings  That 's a great idea . It 's the best season for tourists in . You can also get a good sun - tan there . 
  I 'm not being pessimistic . I 'm being realistic . My chemistry is so bad . 
" Before getting back the results of a test in school  is and I haven ’ t bought my mom anything ! I ’ m such a bad son ! 
My lovely girlfriend double - crossed me and so that I found her chatting with another guy . 
I 'm terrible sorry . I seem to have mislaid your MP4 . 
Freeze ! Police ! Put your hands over your head ! 
I felt joy when my boyfriend proposed to me in marriage . 
at what age does gain this concept known as common sense ?  
I was afraid when my boyfriend threatened to make an end to our relationship because he did n't love me enough while I loved him very much . 
" When I was blamed for some of my attributes which are very often misunderstoodMy bed sheet ( present of my parents ) damaged by roommate . 
  Let me have a look . Whoa ! Get away from me ! 
When I failed an exam unfairly . 
" Been watching Gshore series1 all day ... Never wanted to put loadsa tan on"  Get out of here ! 
" It ’ s so relaxingPeople not resprcting my opinion . 
  I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off . 
  How dare you speak to me like this . 
When my elder sister had a baby girl .   She was the girl in the family after of baby boys . 
  so do I . 
Nothing hurts @ndamukong_suh worse than taking away what he loves to do most ... Put in quarterbacks on . # Lions 
The disease and subsequent death of a close acquaintance . Sadness was accompanied with feelings of powerlessness ( I also experienced sadness in the situation described under guilt ) . 
When I discovered that I and my friend would be licensed at the call . This emotion was accompanied by a great relief . It was the coronation of of sacrifice and extrene discipline . 
" and .... Think about itMy trouser 's zipper was open when I was at a public wedding . 
" I thought that I had failed an examination  My drives were terrible . I kept slicing the ball into the roughs and sand traps . 
" I 've been here forBirds had made nests in our thatched roof and they were flying and flapping their wings in the bedroom at .   It was very dark and I could not even see my nose .   I did not know that it was the birds till my mother told me so . 
" In factI felt angry when I heard that my sister had failed the Examinations which we hoped she was going to pass with distinctions . 
  Are n't you the pot calling the kettle black ? You 're wearing my pants right now ! 
  cheese ... 
Introducing myself at a tutorial at University . 
My grandfather 's funeral . 
  That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying ! 
The last time she had walked down this lane she had been too anxious about to notice very much . 
When my room - mates were watching video - tapes and prevented me from watching the news .   The feeling I had was that I was being treated unfairly and then came the feeling of anger . 
My cut was run over by a car . After searching for a long time I found her lying in a kerb . I was rather shocked and angry with the driver . 
  I do n't believe you . 
" If" YesWhen my dog died . 
It 's all over . I 'm bankrupt . 
  You can get a loan from the bank . You know program provides low cost loans for participants home purchases . 
  I am awfully sorry . I did n't think you would mind so much . 
Do you have a delight in animals and skill in their management ? 
" I told I could no longer bear the atmosphere of the city" ` I think your friend and his fellow commandos were a bit peeved to find themselves here after the horse had bolted" I was then in the standard and was going to my native place .   The last bus had already left and so I started walkingMisunderstood by friends . 
" As a passenger in a vehicle travelling from the steep side of 's Pass in the middle of a sleet - storm" If he promised to help youThere was really no reason why should be cross . 
" Wow" A class - mate died after being in coma  The ? 
  You ’ re right . 
Hi Mark . 
` There is exasperation that it is taking so long . 
I talked to my boyfriend on the phone when I was in high spirits and had a lot to tell him .   I had been looking forward to this conversation and he did not listen to me to the extent that I had anticipated . 
" I was sitting for an exam in biochemistry  Oh . Hi . I went snowboarding and my whole body aches . 
The passing away of my mum . 
At I always had to take care of my little brother and sister I never could sleep then . I always imagined creepy men sneaking into our house . 
When my nephew was taken to hospital with meningitis and we did not know what would happen . 
When my wife told me that the refrigerator had stopped working . 
" Having to decide on a termination of a pregnancy  When did you learn to dance ? 
" You know what ? You and I had no plansTutorial again !   A fearful feeling came to me when I sat on the chair and looked at my fellow students all around .   I was really scared that they would ask me some questions or challenge the ideas that I had presented . 
  Yes . 
" I just got laid off . The awful business" This is often the feeling the bereaved find most difficult to acknowledge" Shut up . You should think how to make fortunes  It 's a brick ! I ca n't believe how stupid I was . Damn it ! 
When I learnt that the girl I had impregnated was in hospital and was on the verge of dying as she had refused to accept the responsibility of her pregnancy and had wanted to commit suicide . 
A friend of mine gave birth to a child . Very dangerous delivery . I was afraid for her and for the baby . 
  What ! I resent that ! 
" We were camping in the mountains" My grandfather died . He lived almost as a recluse not caring for himself as well as he should - Dad and we all helped as much as we couldis aware of the disquiet among dentists . 
was feeling miserable . 
  I will . 
" Comme au match aller" When  Sorry . I did n't know . 
" I always get angry when somebody deceives me  who is he ? 
Really afraid to be bipolar and have more problems of self harm than cutting … :'( 
  How come ? 
When I had a good result in the certificate examination . 
is particularly pleased that its own employees can participate in these programmes through matched giving schemes . 
  That sucks . 
" No speeches have yet been greeted with ecstatic cries of ` author  Why did n't you just call ? I hate sending SMS messages . 
" So you 'll make the deadline" Excuse me" That 's why I ' m not frightened of your report . " " " 
His delight makes itself evident during his solo for even though technical mistakes keep on happening . 
" So who does he think he is" Fear - paralysing - that I would not be accepted by the God who I believed to be there because I was \morally bankrupt\ " " ( before becoming a and realising that that was why Christ came to free us from sin and to forgive us ) . " " " 
saw   on the tv stand . they smelled like a combination of and shame . if that b*tch thinks i 'm wearing them ... 
" When others let me down" If the weatherman 's predictions are accurateValue and source of   we know   God knows   of the # Lord   Job 28 # RCCAtlBible 
  The movie theater is always so crowded on the weekends . I like to go to the movies during . 
  Actually they ’ re expecting the baby to come on my birthday . 
  How was it ? 
  Can I stop by ? 
" Why ever did he bother to write them out ? the landlady askedI am a but I can not find any meaning in life . It seems that I am deceiving myself but I can not find the way out . 
The day I finished my military service . 
  . 
"  I 'm sorry . We 're still going . I got reservations for all of us on . It will be OK . Trust me . 
  I know . for milk . 
  Why not ? 
" YesA friend of mine promised to come with me to the cinema but he did n't come . 
When I was a child I was afraid of big dogs . One day when I came home a big dog was laying in front of our door . I was so frightened that I did not dare to enter the door and I waited until somebody passed by . 
" Modigliani was plagued and anxious because of the difficulty of finding models  ... 
  I 'm positive . 
I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be in love with me . it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep and eat for . 
" @DrAttai Do n't know many who can take a cancer diagnosis lightlyI had stolen a bottle of rum from a person who knows me well . He threatened to call the police if I did not pay Shillings . 
When my mother was seriously ill and had to be admitted to the hospital . 
  A teacher . 
  Fine ! I want a divorce ! 
Walking home in the dark from college . 
  So do I . 
" While drinking a soft drinkBut it was not a happy smile . 
" In  I 'm sorry . My car 's taken . 
" Actually  It sure is 
released her and once again his expression was downcast . 
" How  I guess so . 
" As was taking up the reins of power  part - timer ? Is that a new buzzword ? 
When do you usually go to the movies ? 
  I got the message . I 'm quiting . 
Arriving home from work after a long and tiring day to find no dinner prepared as I had expected . 
When our school was raided by the pupils of the boys secondary school who beat us up . 
  Yes ? 
Insulted for no reason . 
When a friend would n't speak to me and would n't tell me why . 
  They didn ’ t let me go until . 
  I got it . 
A boy phoned me at night and wanted to talk to me for outside .   I thought that he would reveal what he felt and would question me on our relationship .   I treated him as a friend and did not want any misunderstandings .   Therefore I refused to meet him and told him that I would see him .   I was very unhappy as I feared having hurt him and got him into trouble . 
" AtI saw in a movie a block on which affluence and poverty existed . I saw that the rich made no attempts to help the poor . 
" My brother came to tell me about some problems we had in the   family .   I felt sad because I thought that if my mother had not gone away when this brother was younger" When I fell in love with \X\ " " .   I felt confidence  I guess you are right . But what shall we do ? I do n't feel like sitting at home . 
  Why not ? 
" Delighted to be taken for another ride in another carThank you you guys for all the support we will be playing at either or 5 so come watch your favorite team 
My being admitted to university . 
Before taking an exam . 
" Nice meeting youWhen my dad passed away . 
I was anxious to find out what the sellers had to say about my counter - offer . 
In a conversation my boyfriend expressed definite and quite pretentious opinions and he took up an attitude towards a theory which he himself had never known . His information was from fortuitous sources . 
When someone threw a firecracker into my room at . 
Cigarette ? 
  
In the dark an unreal figure formed by a shadow . 
" Well@TooCrazyFox Most people the # blacksheep and also scared of their shadows ! One who lurks in the darkness is a mystery ! 
I 'm afraid of the darkness . 
His comments are a major diplomatic gaffe as the has supported the region in its disquiet over the 's decision to begin an investigation . 
  For me ? 
" The commercial ethic meant some deterioration in standardsSir : I am writing to say how delighted I am with your magazine ! 
Loneliness . It can cause a bad effect-- when we least expect it and have the lowest tolerance for it . I only want it when I 'm reading . 
" I had to leave and all friends and acquaintencesI overturned in a canoe back and I did n't know how to swim . Although I had a life - jacket on I still panicked . 
" My boyfriend and I were getting dressed up and putting make - up on to go to . We were dressing up to be mimes . It was very enjoyable and I thought we looked really goodAnd so it begins ... the countdown to a   and the possibility of an almost - new life  
  Promise that you wo n't get angry . 
" Congratulations  I will . 
" I was subject to false accusations" When riding in a very fastly - driven car on a lose metal road at - no other cars on roadWhy am I being charged $ for a movie that I never ordered ? 
" During an argument between friends" My mother and her friends were speaking badly about my father when they were separatedDuring the Physics experiment session I did not understand the content of the experiment and did not know how to do it . 
When I saw my younger sister being bothered by a boy she did not know . 
" Attempted rape by guys - held my arms behind my back and molested me" Oh  $ . 
My elder brother often criticizes my mother 's cooking .   Once he did it very impolitely and lost his temper .   This made all of us very sad .   I was very angry and I scolded him .   He asked me not to interfere with what was his buisness . 
" you said it . Good beerI was told to do something I did not want to do . 
  The parents are horrified and I am totally disgusted . 
" When 's mother finally went inside with a few rueful shakes of her head and a pleased look on her faceFlight BE407 to is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge . 
" When I was a kid" My Lord Mayor  You go ! 
  What time ? 
" Perhaps you can try the three minutes date" SonnyWhen I read the newspaper I found my candidature number on the admission list of the university .   I was satisfied and happy and the cumulative anxiety disappeared .   I only wanted to cry out that I had succeeded . 
" Even those . It 'll be very romantic" He shows his annoyance with some intimidating facial expression  I was n't done talking to you . 
" Let ’ s see . . . you ’ re a . It says that you will be feeling stress at work" The day was high and brightI was emotionally happy when I was in love with the girl I had longed for . 
" @stebax You got ta feel the - and # sing it anyway ! :) ( by meFuruseth was furious with himself . 
It does at times reveal a certain despair over her present situation -- a fact that is rather concerning . 
  I ’ m so sorry to hear that . 
  I need to come to grips with his death . And I also need to prepare a eulogy in case I 'm asked to speak . 
  It 's time I left . 
When my brother was held up and robbed . 
" t worry . I will callMy friend will find out that I am in love with her . 
" I felt it when on duty in the hospital I understood that I was not afraid to face deathWhen a girl left me . 
" When I encountered not only with my father 's lack of understanding but also with his unwillingness to understand me as a parentPassing away of my father . 
" OhWhen I got engaged to a boy of my choice . 
" Whatever I want  I ’ m sorry sir . This computer is not broken or damaged . It ’ s simply just too old ! That ’ s why your programs and applications are running slow . There really isn ’ t much I can do . 
The Doctor looked horrified . 
" I was together with my family" Typical you" Oh" When I was cycling to school" As it was  What ? 
" It 's no use complaining . If we had got enough money  Then can you wait ? I want to finish writing this letter . 
" My parents are divorcedgasped with excitement and went round to rouse the coroner . 
  I should 've just stayed on the bus . 
  How horrible ! 
My mother had not come home at .   She had forgotten to tell me about it .   I was very young and all alone at home . 
I planned to travel a distance of on my bike . I planned this when I was working in the hospital . When I went to the house I found that a friend had taken my bike without my consent . 
Once I woke up in the middle of the night and felt frightened as everyone else was sleeping and I could not even go to their room . 
's grief - stricken mother gives all her daughter 's possessions to . 
" Yeah  John is in prison now . He was copped outstealing . 
  My boss . 
When I was looking for a job I felt a lot of fear but the fear was greater when I found it . 
Court sounded almost indignant . 
  I 'll give it a try . Give me a call and let 's go down together . 
" Sorry" Some horses become excited and upset if something goes a bit wrong when they are in harness" When I went up the stairs in a high" My biggest is loosing youWhen I was charmed by my relatives . 
  Bingo ! 
Renewed contact with an earlier friend . 
When I gave birth to a child and saw that it was normal when it was put against my breast . 
" of the ads is for insurance" Getting worse . Now he ’ s eating me out of house and home . I ’ Ve tried talking to him but it all goes in one ear and out the other . He makes himself at home  I was late for work because of them . 
" I 'm so sorryI felt this emotion when my name was announced on the radio that I had been selected to come to   to take a training course as a Medical Assistat . 
The proprietress seemed delighted to see them . 
  I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us . 
The death of my grandfather . 
winning the Olympic games ( TV ) . 
" When a person the same age as me insisted that I call him \Mister\ " " .   I refused to succumb  Yeah . 
I ' m really frightened .  
" Costly experiments on the teeth of live dogs or primates  I want to take them to court for arresting me . 
When I asked my girlfriend to marry me . 
What happened to originality ? Everybody is following the same trend . Nobody wants to step out of the box . is a # bitch ! 
  What ? 
My child passed away after a short illness when he was . I was only told about his death without knowing that he had been ill . 
Her stumbling repetition masked a growing delight at his basic error . 
  Yes . 
" No  I know . But things have changed . I guess I 've settled down . 
is extremely concerned at the amount of pressure are under and feel there is an urgent need for a group of people to begin training now . 
  Why not ? 
Fear of sexual overtures from a close relative in the family . 
I broke a window of a neighbouring house and I feared my mother 's judgement and action on what I had done . 
It feels good being close to another person . 
I have been afraid several times . What marked me was that I almost did n't enter . 
  My stress level is pretty much what is usually is . 
  Not always . It depends on the transmission of the satellite signals . 
When I slipped on a glazed frost road and a car almost ran into me . 
I was raped once when I went through a dark alley at the back of our house . The man pushed me in the bushes . I fought back and succeeded to escape . 
" I am sorry" OhPlease do n't let the dismay of the pro - Ford lobby colour your judgement in future road tests . 
  I got caught cheating . I feel so ashamed . The teacher saw me and told me I failed . 
" ` I am heartbroken because football has been my whole life . " " " 
  Why ? 
Do n't get agitated . 
" For you 've protected the seed" I was happy when at difficult times I could find support in my friend and my fianceI heard of the death of a closefriend of mine .   I had gone camping with him shortly before his death and the whole thing seemed very   sudden to me . 
It made me very sad to hear that some construction company was going to build houses on the beautiful hills by my house . 
When I think that I will probably never have a genuine contact with my parents . 
  OK . 
When of my closest friends failed to make it to of university . 
" Topaz was indignant" sometime I do n't even have to talk to my kids  Fine . 
When I had my oral examination after a long time ; especially before the examination when I had the feeling that I had not studied enough and had not enough time to make up for it . 
  Froth ? 
" Nothing could wash away the beastliness of that house or the horror of the sight of bodyI was very sad at hearing that my grandfather had passed away . 
" The women wait anxiously and when the boat returns of its crew has been lost  Certainly ! 
When my half brother became seriously ill with cancer and died later . 
  Are you sick ? 
" The ambassador dithered so stormed out" Returning to the campuses in a state of excitementWhen there is danger nearby . 
fierce eyes glared at the terror - stricken sailors . 
  Why not ? 
" ` Did n't seem too pleased about something . " " " 
" It 's just too bad . I have to leave it as it is" If you do n't think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you canThe striker was livid at finding himself back on the bench after being sent on as a substitute at Norwich on . 
" When my brother went out with my new shirt that I adoredI unexpectedly met a girl with whom I have always got along well . ( I had not seen her for . ) 
" THE writer died on" You and I have been together for" At least if there 's a human being there you can talk about the deal" WellSome economists feel deep disquiet at the use of food grains to produce motor spirit . 
At an important moment in a volleyball game we made a point and by this we won a set from a much stronger competitor . 
" When I was a child I had a grass - parakeet I liked very much . His legs were crippled so that he could not move very fast . Once I came into the roomWhen I was robbed in a bus . 
  I also want to check out this video . 
  I 'd enjoy that . 
When present boyfriend 's mother approached my parents and self - to leave her son alone - as she did not want me for a future daughter - in - law . 
  yeah it is . 
When I crashed my car and it had to be scrapped then .   It was my fault and I feel depressed as I miss the car . 
I felt a stifled anger against her . 
that my boyfriend appeared at home with a pair of rings for our wedding . 
" made their home in the former diplomatic quarter  I agree . 
" I feared that I was pregnant .   It was not planned and I would have been compelled to have an abortion  It can ’ t be helped . 
" ThanksDuring a fight with my best friend . 
" Yeah"  But she means a lot to me . 
  Here you are . 
" I had a schoolmate who went to the hospital as her brain was bleeding .   She fell unconscious for and when I went to see her I saw the miserable state the family was in .   Moreover I could not do nothing for her .   I was very sad .   FinallyDid you see ? 
Staying alone in the dark . 
" ` Jane" In when my friend was caught by a crocodile .   We were swimming in a river on whose banks our primary school was situated .   When my friend was caughtShe was tingling with excitement . 
  Do you ? 
My cousins were playing at home and of them broke a decorative object which was very precious to me . 
  to perform You 're Gon na Go Far Kid by Offspring on my next tour ! having regrets TWLOHA @TWLOHA 
Saw some young people fighting for seats on a bus . 
When I felt being treated unjustly by a teacher . 
" Even so  Hello Todd . 
We were riding in a friend 's car .   He was driving very fast and suddenly a another car crossed the road in front of us .   My friend had to turn the car rapidly . 
" @DougSloan People" I 'm busy year in and year out" According toI felt of losing the person whom I loved when she said to me that she did n't love me . 
  no problem . 
  $ . 
" For the more depressed and lonely people who have few if any outside contacts  Why ? 
" When I tried to put up" Not so soon . It ’ s not my birthday . Well  How could you ? I reminded you just this morning . 
I went home and saw that the security lights were off .   I got inside the gate and just then I realized that the dogs may be outside . 
" It was before the higher level results were announced .   I had tried and failed many times and this was the last time that I was taking the exam .   I knew that if i failed again I woulld have to enter the society .   I imagined things during this period - I dreamt that I had entered university and it was a nice experience .   When I thought about the future  I ’ ll stand in with you if you like . I ’ Ve got nothing else to do . 
" OK" PerfectSome time ago I was present at the wedding party of close friends of mine . 
" Very wellwatched in horror as the black claw tore 's left arm from its socket and flung it far up the street . 
" This was at secondary school  Poor girl ! 
Shifted from . All my old school friends gave me a party and I had to say good - bye to them all . 
When won the cup by beating in the final match and became the world cricket champion .   West - Indies was the strongest of the countries which participated in the competition . 
When I feel helpless after having tried to help someone without any result . 
Some people were sitting outside and saying things which were not really true . 
You ca n't get very excited when she brings home - price loo rolls and stale cough sweets . 
  Silly me ! 
  It 's . 
" Sure . Once you get the hang of it" Happy Mother 's Day  What ’ s wrong ? I thought we agreed that you were gon na quit smoking . 
I was watching a sad film and it affected me deeply . 
My grandmother died . 
" MaryMy girlfriend who had been very far away from me came to my place . She saw me and ran after me . I did n't know that she had come . I could n't see her . She held my shoulders standing behind me . 
" When I got into an argument with someone and was very abusiveHe was concerned that the room must be left just as would have wished . 
" ` You could have lent it to meI experienced it when I was accepted at . 
  Yes . 
" if you got to class by riding a bicycle every day instead of drivingWhen I knew the feelings of a beloved person . 
Scoring a goal in football match . 
  Sure . 
I feel fear when I only imagine I could lose confidence in my own abilities and powers . A similar feeling I feel sometimes before an exam . 
" Bathsheba was watching his expression closelyWhen I was my father travelled very much for his work ( he passed away from home ) . 
I am joyfull to be alive every night . 
It was the time I met him ( my boyfriend Mr. ) .   It was during the term vacations .   We met each other while handing in our homework .   He invited me have a trip with him and we were together till P.M. 
" Yeah" ` I still feel quite peeved about it ; well" Driving back  Of course . 
was a great closer for . Awesome night . # was still the best and will be hard to top . 
is the lock andand # laughter the key to your heart . ❤ 
  You ’ re right . 
" Not from this brandHave you ever felt so angry about men that you ' ve been moved to write a song about it ? 
" I can show it to you now  Don ’ t you know our movie starts at ? And we were going to meet at the theater at . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to meet at the apartment . 
When I heard that my father had found a letter from my boyfriend and he was calling me to talk about it . 
" It ’ s an absolute outrage" bulls need to complete signandtrade for crawfordYou 're spending a very long time on my hair . 
  Sure . 
Fear of thief . 
At the death of a close relative . 
" An infuriated ordered the battering of NewgateWhen I saw a good friend again after not having seen her for a long time . 
was happy that his deputy should spell out his commitment to equality as Labour 's objective . 
Getting ill . 
I met a girlfriend again after not seeing her for .   I saw her in a discotheque .   We do not like discotheques but we went there because we knew we would meet there . 
I was watching a movie alone - it was a horror movie . The music was a deep pulsing type - not really music . And a light flashed on and off . It was in the complete darkness of a movie theatre that was almost empty . 
" Oh doctor  My washing machine is n't working . 
" LAUSANNE's expression became even more anxious . 
" Yes  Right . 
  I watched the race with my children . We saw you run to the finish line . We all screamed with excitement . 
When someone took my things without having asked for my permission . 
" Sometimes  Is it far ? 
The girl I was seeing did n't want to have a serious relationship . 
" AhI asked a girl out on a date and she said no . 
When I heard that my father had passed away . I could not eat for a week and was only crying . I could not find the courage to go to bath . 
" Sometimes I prefer not to talk about it ... I'm not a liar or a fraud  I really do n't think it 's any of your business . 
  My feelings exactly . 
.if u say sum bout me behind my back its   sum u bout me ! 
I ' m delighted that you were pleased with the response . 
" If I hear " " " " more time  You should have the of losing one 's softness in the heart and its hardening.#islam 
Where is John ? I ca n't find him anywhere . 
" When a cousin of mine took my bottle of T.B tabletsAnyone home ? Jen ! 
While trying to board a train I missed the footsteps and fell down on the platform . 
  maybe he is busy with his work . Just wait and try not to think about it too much ! 
" Oh" YeahI was angry when my friends said that I should not receive books because there was a rumour that I was intending to leave the college . 
  Dark blue . 
He told of his sorrow at having to quit a job he passionately enjoyed . 
" When my friends died one after the other .   The first died in a car accident and the one recently" Oh  Well that 's great ! It 's nice that we have something in common . 
" Wait" Just arrived in the universityMy mother unjustly became very angry with me and sent me to my room while my father explained that the way she saw things was not correct . I had done things with the best intentions . 
I have to talk to you ! 
  ? 
" WellMy dear hamster ( called ) died at . His shape forced me to mercy killing ( an injection ) . 
" Nick" When a man who had a knife grabbed me and threatened me with it  . 
  thanks . 
  Meeting new people is a good thing . 
" MumThe virtual outlawing of the use of in some in the has deprived suicidal depressed patients of an extremely effective and sometimes life - saving treatment . 
" She was acting like some idiotic schoolgirl` I am so excited about seeing my sons again . 
I passed successfully the preliminary exam for a participation in the children . 
" was obviously peeved at The continued existence as a relatively small ` cottage industry " " . " 
  It is not your mother finding one for you ? 
I felt it when I sat for my exam in anatomy . 
I had just moved to the town where I study and I got a postcard from a good friend ( from my home town ) . 
" My fear appeared in the form of jealousy . I was afraid that my girl - friend had fallen in love with another manWhen I entered the dissection room for the time and was exposed to preserved dead human bodies . 
" She could not convince me at the time that anything bad could happenFinding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at . 
" NoWhen my uncle died I saw a funeral for the time . All people stood around the open grave and cried . 
" I also hate the dentistI missed an opportunity to go abroad because of some silly mistakes for which I had to suffer a lot . 
" By comparison  You ’ Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? 
Intelligence puts man on the throne . Faith puts God there .     
  No problem . 
" Yes  Hi . Everything is perfect . 
" He was a thin" When I saw a TV program on the military plan called \The startwar\ " " . " " " 
Hey . How are you doing these days ? 
" I swear I never drink again . Just give me another chance" maybe if I sold my car now" I was walking in the countryside alone when I came across dogs who began barking at me .   I did not know whether they were tied up or loose" Yes" The earliest sparkling wines were undoubtedly discovered by accidentEvery word that comes out of my mouth I pray it does n't push you away . 
You did n't tell me she was married ! 
  . 
  Why should I wear a skirt ? Or a dress ? 
Having my personal objects rearranged by someone else without my consent and having it arranged to their taste . Then trying to find a particular object they rearranged for or more . 
  Do n't ask me . I do n't wanna be involved in your quarrel . 
" Well" Every time  Come on . 
The day I was told that I had passed my and I was selected to go to college . 
My cousin asked me to be a bridesmaid for her . This made really happy because I was adopted into the family and her asking me made me realise that she saw me as a cousin and not just another person . There were other cousins she could have asked but she asked me . 
  Sure . Sounds great . Let 's go . 
" When my sister 's child came home  So do I . 
" No" I had a driver licence but I did n't drive for a long timeThe president was more concerned about the loss of jobs . 
In a growing number of federal judges and lawyers have voiced their exasperation with 's approach to drugs . 
  OK . 
When my father was involved in an accident . 
I 'm afraid I ca n't complete my paper on time . 
Auguste shot him an indignant glance . 
When I began to date a boy with whom I am till now . This was . 
  How come ? 
  Do n't you think it 's too bloody ? 
  But ... OK . 
My son passed grade and was accepted for form 
  Leave me alone ! 
" Me tooshowed delight in simple songs and reverence when invited to pray . 
When a friend tried to back bite me on false grounds .   This made me wonder if he was a really a good friend . 
" On our way toallowed herself a note of exasperation . 
" I partly colored my hair black . My mother did n't like it and reproached me to be a \subversive element\ " " . Later on she stated that this was due to my friends . As I see itWhen someone took my pen away . 
  Yes . I am going to take some university courses there . 
Watching a horror film . 
freak that cockroach who flew during choir practice . cockroach # anything else but cockroach NOT ! ! ! ! 
When I left my boyfriend . I found another girl at his home but he did nothing to relieve the situation . 
's eyes were downcast too ; they usually were . 
" But  That sounds easy enough . 
  I was thinking about it . Are you ? 
  For crying out loud ... How fast are we losing money ? 
Ashley recoiled in horror . 
It was only once that I really felt sad : at my grandfather 's funeral ( after a long time of suffering he had died of cancer ) . 
  Sorry ! 
  You must have realized somebody was here . 
" So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west" I felt anger of a friend when she met date\ " " and become nervous and pest as she always gets when she meets him . " " " 
When I did n't get a certain job at Lillehammer which I wanted very much . 
" For you 've protected the seedI was overwhelmed with joy when I received the acceptance letter to university .   This happened again when I passed all my first year courses . 
" When I was in primary  That 's really convenient . Does it have the Bluetooth ? 
" When a friend of mine had her period" Arriving in as a teenager - first overseas trip - something \exhilarating\ " " about the change of scenery etc . " " " 
" Hello" I tried to introduce myself to them when they moved in  Do n't take too long . It would be a shame not to take advantage of such lovely weather . 
When I was successful at my work I was full of joy . 
demanded as he wrenched back to stare down into her almost terror - stricken face . 
Finding out my name on the list for lectures . 
" Well thank you ! In that case" You see" This PC is top of the line and I guarantee it will never freeze ! If it does" I had not studied very much for my final examination at school" Cool ! What kind of painting do you prefer" While in the army" Once at" Mungo felt elated" We were starting a student projectI felt fear when I fell down and broke my leg into pieces and I could not feel it at all . 
There was joy in me when I heard that I was to take a course as a Medical Assistant . 
" sorry" Did you know that ? ! I just got an A :) " 
  My bad . I did n't realize that it was so late . 
" The dog  What time is the right moment ? 
When I received the acceptance letter from university .   I had just come home from work when my kind sister handed me an enveloppe which I opened and was overcome with joy . 
  I 'm sorry to have made you disappointed . 
" He pressed himself back once more against the wall" ` If the manual was lying in the" NoOn the way home in the heavy rain the car acquaplanned .   I lost contact with the road surface for . 
" When I took the B.A exams  Yes ? 
  Sports . 
All my friends arranged to go for an afternoon snack and they did not tell me .   They told me that they did not have my phone number but I do not think that this was true . 
To see him fumbling with our rich and delicate language is to experience all the horror of seeing a Svres vase in the hands of a chimpanzee . 
They looked furious when they saw our faces peering in and made frantic signs for us to close the curtains again . 
I was told that a friend of a friend committed suicide . 
  How come ? 
I was angry when somebody stole my petticoat . 
hey there :) 
what s up ? :) 
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had passed my Secondary school leaving certificate exam . 
  What is it ? 
" When my mother decided to clean out my room and throw out what she thought was junkWhen an argument with a friend of mine over our behaviour towards another friend turned into a quarrel .    I lost my temper and nearly knocked him out . 
" On the occasion of assignment of tasks and responsibilities in which such an assignment" We all have a   voice  cool ! It must be amazing to work at a bar ! 
  Is n't it just great ! I just knew I 'd win ! 
Ca n't remember specific event - besides just being moderately happy until . 
  That 's absolutely ridiculous ! 
" I was . It ’ s just that the holidays are coming up and I won ’ t be able to home because I can ’ t afford the airfare . I ’ m just longing for some of the comforts of home  Do you have any hobbies besides playing chess ? 
Here ’ s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything ? 
When my brother who has been out of for came to visit with his wife which none of our family had previously met . 
When I felt alone and without love . 
hung up in exasperation . 
No wonder she was now inconsolable at the prospect of the child being returned to . 
My friend had been telling me about a certain bird which when it cries at night it 's the sign that someone will die . So I was alone in the house and I heard the cry of the bird and I was afraid . 
  I 've created a monster ... you 're a better bayer than me ! 
